"My road to the Sennheiser HD 600's has been a little long and filled with some interesting twists and turns that have, or so I hope, led me to a better understanding of what are a great set of headphones.  Naturally it is very typical to wish to compare these to other headphones.  After all, isn't that how we so often make purchasing decisions?  We try differing products until we find the one which works best/right for our needs.  So my review is going to work on two fronts:  a review of the product itself, and a review against some competitors I have acquired in the last year in my quest to find headphones that are right for me.  And hopefully for you.Regarding the HD600's themselves I have mostly nothing but excellent news to report.  Personally, I like the way they look.  The mottled black and blue coloring is different, but not garish in any way.  The large and deep oval ear cups are precisely what one wants for an over-the-ear design.  At 6'4" I'm certainly sporting a larger head than the average male and fortunately for me my entire ears fit comfortably inside the ear cups.  My ears do not touch the protective cloth over the drivers, but the outer edge of my ear does touch at places around the inside of the ear cup.  This is a minor annoyance and goes unnoticed some of the time. Those of you more average of height and head size will likely never have this issue.  The ear cups themselves are very comfortable, seal well to my head and do not get hot even after a good number of hours of use.  This also means the head clamping  force is perfect for me; I never feel like my head is being squeezed.  Everything about the headphones seems to indicate they are well-made, but I cannot help but feel the plastic seems a bit thin.  Maybe cheap even.  They do not creak and nothing flexes, but it's the only part which lets me down at all about the headphones.The included box, while awesome for storage, is clearly not oriented for travel.  But I would argue these aren't portable headphones meant for the on-the-go user.  They do not fold up.  The ear cups do not turn to lay flat.  And considering the amplification needed to properly drive these, using a typical portable music player (your cell phone, iPod, etc.) isn't ideal anyway.Now for what I consider to be the more important part of how I came to select the HD600: research and listening.  Let's first be clear about something... audio equipment is not unlike some other equipment markets in that you often spend exponentially more money for an item just to gain minor, incremental increases in some important criteria.  To you speaker X sounds better than speaker Y, all other things being equal.  It's likely speaker X costs more.  Most of the time it will cost more, but not all of the time.  But how much more does it cost and how much more quality of sound are you receiving for that additional cost?  It's almost always a matter of diminishing returns... loads more money for a bit firmer bass or slightly clearer treble.  But this is the nirvana for which we seek in audio equipment.Over the last year I purchased two other sets of headphones:  Grado 80e and Sennheiser Momentum.  Clearly the Grado's at $100 are the least expensive with the Momentum jumping up markedly to $299, while the more recently acquired Sennheiser HD600 hit the $400 mark.  Comparing my first two purchases, the 80e's and Momentum's, the differences were pretty straight-forwarded.  To me the Grado's sounded brighter with good bass and sligthly harsh mids ("smeared" is the word which came to mind as I compared them in listening tests at home).  The Mometum's sounded more laid back (not as bright) with great bass (that could be a bit smeared itself in the upper bass) and definitely superior mids (thinking men's voices here - became painfully obvious will using a live track from Morrissey between the two headphones).  And so it was I came to find myself using each pair for different purposes.The Grado 80e's became my preferred can for classical music (a genre into which I am becoming more deeply involved of late) as I felt, for my personal preferences, the brighter qualities enhanced the instruments typical of classical music, while the bass was more than sufficient.  But when I wanted to rock (or alternative as is more often the case) I broke out the Momentum's.  The accentuated, but not overblown bass, was quite welcome and I noticed less the laid back nature of the treble, especially as I used them more and more.But with the also recent purchase of some better home audio equipment (Marantz CD6005 CD player and a SoundEngine D1 DAC/Headphone amp for my computer - listening to ALAC encoded tracks) I found myself thinking both the Momentum and 80e were somehow lacking.  That I wasn't getting everything I could from my music via this better equipment.From all the research I had done previously I elected to spend the money and purchase the HD600.  I don't think I have found a single bad review out there in the Internet sphere.  A few have thought them a little warm or laid back.  But most every review hits upon how, and especially for the money, the HD600s hit all the right notes (sorry).  Having had them burned in for 30-hours the listening tests began.  I had considered this purchase principally for classical music.  I really didn't think I'd get more from them for rock/alternative than I was already getting from the Momentums and so it was the classical CDs came out and I plugged into the CD player.  I also plugged in the Grados to the Marantz A/V receiver, direct mode engaged.  Adjusting for volume as best I could (this is hardly scientific) I played a handful of very familiar tracks from very familiar CDs; swapping back and forth between the HD600s and Grado 80e.It too almost no time to hear the difference.  I'll concede that it's sometimes difficult to put into words the differences heard, but I'll try.  The first thing I noticed were the violins.  When a number of them are playing notes together the Grado's sounded smeared compared to the HD600s.  Not unlike a poorly created JPEG from a digital point-n-shoot versus a well-made JPEG from an original RAW processed via Adobe Lightroom.  Details are are lost in the former, but the latter does a far superior job of keeping the detail even in the process of losing information.  The HD600 left me feeling like I was actually sitting there in the room with the musicians.  I'm not referring to placement of the instruments (the HD600 do a good job, but I've read reviews for other cans that do better), but simply how clear, precise, concise and live-sounding are the violins.  Actually, it was true of all the stringed instruments.  The resonance of the strings... their very clear nature... was a welcome and astonishing difference.Granted, the Grado's are one-quarter the cost and I shouldn't be surprised the HD600's sounded better.  Markedly better.  And I didn't have to listen long or hard to notice the differences.  They are obvious; not subtle.  That said, I can't say I was every displeased with the Grado's.  It was only in comparison to the HD600's that it became possible to hear and understand the Grado's limitations.And like the stringed instruments, voices also became sharper, clearer, more focused.  I had found what I was looking for regarding my classical music interests: a pair of headphones that while generally neutral (which some would consider to be 'flat' and flat has, I think, a negative connotation), are not at all boring or flat.  I feel the music is more alive than ever in comparison to the Grado's.So... I also broke out some rock and alternative music (the recently remastered Led Zeppelin discs, some Nine Inch Nails and Pet Shop Boys) to see what the HD600's could do.  Here I feared the Momentum would just kick butt thanks to the fuller bass, but I must say the HD600's continued to impress.  All the good things they brought to mid and higher frequencies (clarity, precision) were still present, but, surprisingly, the bass was rock solid as well. I may hate myself for saying it, but I think the bass was a bit better.  The upper-bass bloat in the Momentum's doesn't appear on the HD600's, which tends to make the lower-bass stand out more because they aren't overwhelmed by the enhanced upper-bass.  I'd still say the Momentum's have more punch and who doesn't like that when listening to rock or alternative, but I could find myself readily using the HD600's just as often for The Smiths, The Cure, Skinny Puppy, etc. as I would the Momentum's.And here I think I have found a most excellent trio of headphones.  Finding one perfect pair of headphones for all needs and opportunities is probably impossible.  But I think I have accidentally stumbled upon a most excellent hat trick of cans that meet my various needs.  I like to listen to music when I'm on the go; I have needs for portability.  And while not truly the most portable of headphones, the Grado's for classical (and still quite reasonable for rock and alternative) and the Momentum's for rock and alternative (I confess I don't like them as much for classical as I do the Grado's for rock and alternative), AND the HD600's for more critical, at-home listening with audio equipment that has enough amplifier ooomph to properly push them.Add my name and voice to the long list of of folks who think, dollar for dollar, the Sennheiser HD600 are the best value in headphones out there."
"I was looking for a new set of headphones.Based on thousands of reviews and dozens of YouTube reviews, I decided to go with the HD600Sennheiser.First off, they seemed to be a returned product.Not a super big deal considering Amazon had them for $100 less than most other places...I'll get over it I guess.The real issue is that I was told by every reviewer out there that these headphones are a benchmark to base all mid (under $800) priced headphones off and I could hear sooo many more details in my music.Uh, NO!My Grado sr60e $90 headphones blow these out of the watter when it comes to sound.Mind you, I am referring to listening pleasureNOT studio use.If I paid $180 or less for these, I would be slightly more happy but still only a 4 star review.These are quite tight for my big head also.I'm sure they will break in eventually.If you can get these under $300 and enjoy a warm,Slightly veiled sounding set of cans, go for it.I find them to have  good sound and will probablyWork out for sleeping headphones. The sound is warm and relaxing.In my opinion, any grado headphone will offer more detail and you can use them without an amp.Some may find the old fashioned design and not perfect build quality a turn off but if your goalIs finding a musical slightly bright headphone with high detail, go with grado.I think I'm just a bit disappointed from the hype of the hd600. It's a quality set, just not $400 quality.24 hr update...After stretching these out on some books overnight, the fit was way better. Caution:Plastic band could break. Only stretch 1 to 2 inches wider than your head.As for sound quality, My initial review above was using a solid state amp.I moved up to my bedroom tube amplifier.At least a 30% improvement.The vocals are great, sound stage improved and it sounded much fuller.Final verdict, still 4 stars. The Soundstage is too  narrow for me. Some may prefer this but I like a wide Soundstage more akin to a live performance.The bass is still lacking. Yes they are open backs and I don't expect huge bass but they don't quiteMeasure up. I think using an EQ for more bass would just make the sound muddy.At the end of the day, if you have disposable income, by all means pick these up. They are worth a try IF you have the proper equipment to run them.If you are on a budget and don't want to take a chance then find a dealer with demo modelsTo try first.For less expensive  options maybe look atPhillips 9500 or X2, lower end grados or hifimanSundara."
"I’m not an audiophile. My most recent headphones were just the AirPods Pro.The HD600 stands up and sounds amazing.The first things that stood out to me was how much noise I could hear through the headphones while wearing them. These were my first open back set of audio equipment I have owned and you can hear everything going on around you. This works great for me as I just work at home and don’t want to ignore my family. While music/audio is playing you don’t notice the fact that you can hear things around you anyways.The second thing was how much bleed there was. Re the first point I had never had an open back set of headphones. Again this is a non issue for me as I only use them in the home, but they definitely bleed audio.The first week of wearing them was also difficult since the clamp pressure was so tight. (My SO loves the pressure though so to each their own). They loosened up and are very comfortable now.I have no ear for audiophile headphones but I do know these sound great! The largest complaint I’ve read is the base on the HD600 but I find it to be perfectly adequate and haven’t even noticed a change from my daily drivers.I do not have an amp as of yet and not sure if I will get one. I plug the headphones directly into my motherboard on my computer and have had no issues with quality (that I can tell) or volume.Great headphones, highly recommended."
"It's easy to forget that, next year, the HD 600 will turn 20 years old. Admittedly, audio transducers have a funny way of sticking around longer than just about any other piece of electronics equipment. A line of speakers will, usually, be in production for at least several years. Even when they've been replaced, they usually aren't even close to obsolete, because even mid-fi has gotten pretty far into diminishing returns. But, even in this alternate timeline of audiophile-dom (others might call it an alternate reality, an insane asylum...) the HD 600s are freakin ancient. I can only think of a few other cans with this kind of longevity:The Sony MDR-V6; so old that it still has "for DIGITAL" emblazoned on the side. A quick trip through audio theory will reveal that this is meaningless, but in 1985 it sounded really cool.The Beyerdynamic DT770/880/990; so old that they still have shag carpet earpads.Various Grados; so old that it's too late for anybody to admit they sound like trash. Instead, they just mumble something about "sparkle" and then go buy something else.And yet, 20 years later, the HD600 is still the headphone that, within headphone circles, everybody talks about and everybody has heard. There's a reason for that: it's not just really good. Purely on the strength of its sound, it stands out as excellent. When price is considered? It might just be the best headphone in the world.THE SOUND:Inevitably, whenever anyone tries to talk about the HD600 or the HD650, someone brings up the "Sennheiser Veil." This so-called veil was a kind of muffling of the sound, and the people who complain about it would have you believe that the HD6XX sounds like Apple Earpods.I cannot state emphatically enough how much the veil does not exist. It is either a product of the imagination of people who wish the AKG K701 was a bit brighter, or the result of people trying to plug the HD6XX straight into an inadequate source, i.e. most phones, MP3 players, iPods, laptops, etc. They need an amp. More on that later. At any rate, these headphones are as veiled as Eva Green in The Dreamers. You. Will. See. erm, Hear. Everything.That's both a blessing and a curse. Lesser headphones - even my Sony MDR-V6s, for instance - can mask the flaws in a bad recording. All of those 128kbps MP3s you've pirated because you're a bad person? They're gonna sound awful. If your father-in-law-to-be hands sends you some recordings of his garage band, grab however awful a set of backup cans you need for it to sound good. Because these will tell you the truth. Yet, to a good recording, they are shockingly flattering. If you put garbage in, you'll get garbage out. Give it something good, though, and you'll get magic. I've listened to just about my entire music library with these, and there are a few recordings in particular that really demonstrate how well these shine:-In the Air Tonight (Phil Collins, Face Value, 1981): On a decent-to-good set of headphones, this song sounds ominous; it sounds cool. Whatever. On the HD600s, it's a religious experience. Sounds swirl around your head. The crescendos and diminuendos blow you away. The vocals sound perfect. Incredible.-In Your Eyes (Peter Gabriel, So, 1986): The entire album is fabulous. Listen to it over and over again. But there's a reason this song is singled out. It's a sibilance nightmare. On my MDR-V6s, it's unlistenable above a moderate volume. Enter the HD600s: there's no hiding how much sibilance there is, but they handle it as gracefully as possible.Enough ink has been spilled over how these handle classical and jazz (spoiler: fabulously), and their vocal presentation in particular is spot-on.THE STUFF YOU'LL NEED:To get all of this brilliant sound, you're going to need a few things. First and foremost is an amp. This can get crazy pretty quick, so first let's draw a distinction: solid state vs tubes. The HD600 has a high enough impedance to really get along with OTL amps (ie, most headphone tube amps). This will color the sound somewhat, get hot, be unreliable, need to warm up, etc. If you want to go down this road, you can. There's also a lot of really expensive solid state amps.Or, you could just get a Schiit Magni or a JDS Objective2, both of which sound... well... about perfect.Next, you'll need to think about a DAC. Now, a lot of people just assume they'll need one. That may not be the case. If you have a Retina Macbook Pro, for instance, skip it. You'll never hear the difference between it and whatever you get for 150 bucks. Same deal if you're plugging a (good) CD player or receiver or whatever straight into the amp. If your source is something else, like a midrange PC, you'll need to evaluate this yourself. Unfortunately, I can't help you with that.If you decide you need a DAC, there are a lot of expensive options out there.Or, you could just get a Schiit Modi or a JDS ODAC, both of which sound... well... about perfect.(Side lesson: The internet audiophile community fights back and forth all the time about whether the O2/ODAC or the Magni/Modi is the better setup. Realistically, their performance is nearly identical. Buy whichever you think looks better.)(Another side lesson: You seriously probably don't need to spend a ton of money on DACs and amps. The O2/ODAC was designed by some wacky internet crusader who wanted to prove that the performance of the Benchmark DAC2 and HPA2 could be achieved without spending thousands of dollars. From an engineering perspective, this is obviously possible. If you look into this further, you will still find people who insist that the O2/ODAC doesn't sound as good as significantly more expensive gear. Just remember that these are audiophile crazies, who think they need 192kHz recordings because Nyquist-Shannon doesn't apply to special snowflakes. The two most important things in any digital-to-analog system are the input file and the transducer.)Finally, you're going to need good recordings. iTunes is sufficient. Vinyl is pretty good (repeat after me: vinyl does not sound better than CD, it is objectively worse, a record will only sound great 25 times, and will be the equal of the CD never). CD is your best bet, particularly those mastered before the "loudness wars" started up in the late 1990s. However, the world isn't perfect; fear not, the Senns still sound good with stuff that has a compressed dynamic range (within reason). Anything beyond the Redbook CD standard is simply a ploy to get you to spend more money for things you can't hear, and that your dog can't either.SOME REALITIES:The way that the Senns achieve all this great sound is by being "open-back" headphones. This means that, on the side of the driver opposite your ear, there's just some mesh to protect it from damage. This means that you can't really use these outside a quiet environment, because you'll hear everything around you. It also means that you probably won't want to listen to them in public, because it's really difficult to look cool when everybody knows you're blasting the Bangles.Also, they're ugly as sin. But they aren't leaving your house, so who cares?A WORD ABOUT THE HD650:Released several years after the HD600, the HD650 at first glance looks like an upgrade. That... depends. The HD650 is darker and smoother at the expense of detail. That's all. I prefer its sound signature. But, it usually costs between 75 and 150 dollars more than the HD600, and so it wasn't worth it for me. It probably isn't worth it for you, either.So, yeah. These headphones sound just about dead neutral, wonderfully crisp, and yet smooth enough that you can listen at high volumes without fatigue. They can usually be had for less than 300 dollars. And for the price, they have no equal. Now we just have to hope that someday the HD800S can be such an easy decision to make."
"Excellent sound and clarity. A big step up from the HD 280, HD 380, and HD 599 I've used previously. Well worth the the price tag if you care about your sound.I don't need to EQ these at all for 98% of songs, but sometimes I turn up the lower end very slightly and turn down the upper end very slightly. I listen to EDM, Rock, and Jazz and they sound great for all. I've read that some people don't like the bass for EDM, but it sounds fine. They're headphones, not a subwoofer strapped to your head.You don't NEED an amp to drive these volume wise, but if you want better sound it could help depending on what your setup is. My motherboard has a Realtek ALC1220, which I feed to a mixer that drives these. If I plug them directly into the motherboard they are LOUD, but they could have distortion which an amp could fix. If you don't have the money for a separate amp and you have a decent audio chip in your PC then don't worry about it. Really.These are fairly high impedance so I don't hear the noise interference from my GPU or mouse that I used to hear from lower impedance headphones, but this is true for any high(er) impedance headphones.I've seen some people talk about a strong clamping force which I haven't experienced. They "clamp" tighter than some other closed/open back headphones, such as the HD599, but it's not painful or uncomfortable to me, even while wearing them for hours. But, I have worn headphones daily for years so I'm used to it. This gets better as they're broken in as well.Noise cancellation is non-existent; they're open back headphones. Leakage is not too bad, but you can definitely hear them in the proximity of someone wearing them.Build quality seems solid enough, but we'll see how long they last. I haven't read any complaints about build quality anyway so I'm not worried about it.Overall I'm very impressed. They made me upgrade my library because I was able to notice how poor quality some song files were."
"These are hands down the best headphones i have ever tried. First experience in open back too, and im in love with them. Obviously they wont work in a scenario where isolation is important, but if your looking at these headphones u probably know that already. They sound very neutral and well balanced with an incredible amount of detail and clarity and fantastic sound stage. switching from my studio monitors (Kali IN-5s) to my HD600's doesnt alter much at all  unlike my ATH-M50s. The HD600 definitely has a somewhat speaker in the room experience compared to close back headphones. Probably because u have a little bleed from left to right and u can hear the room around you, but still a cool experience in comparison to close back designs. The HD600 are an industry standard for a reason. My only complaint or criticism is that i wish the chord was detachable, or at least thicker. Kinda worries me that i might break the chord later down the road."
"The build of these is not excellent as they are mostly plastic but they do seem rather durable, Sound is just superb, rather flat with emphasis on mid clarity. The comfort is great besides for the rather tight clamp but that is easily remedied by stretching the plastic headband for a bit. Something about the tuning is just so satisfying, vocals especially shine with just amazing clarity, going from the hd660s to these was like lifting a thin veil from the sound, at the expense of sub bass to squeeze out that extra bit of mid clarity. Overall I’d say these are an amazing value at current price and offer great imaging, somewhat intimate soundstage, and just great details and clarity. although they are a bit anemic in the bass department they do have enough mid bass thump to satisfy my needs.Genres I listen to;-Metal (Nu Metal,Prog,Symphonic)- Old and Modern Rock- Classical/Symphonic- indiePersonal Ranking:Lcdx> hd600 > Sundara > dt1990 > hd660s"
"When was the last time you bought something that lasted 10 years, and worked perfectly fine for the entirety of that decade? I've replaced the earpads every now and then, replaced the cord once. Just today I realized it'd been almost ten years since I bought these, and I was compelled to pass along my respect. I've used these almost every day in that time; gingerly at first, like a prized possession, and then in a normal way, as they eventually proved they wouldn't shatter spontaneously. Hats off to the people at Sennheiser. Might spoil myself with an upgrade, if these ones lasted a decade it's safe to say the 800's will as well"
"TLDRPROS comfortable, great sound, and exciting to play with for those interested in audioCONS I think the price IS justifiable, but these are more a luxury than must have. The cords coming with each side mean I have to take them off with a bit more care, but that's a me problem.I've had my eyes on these for years, but couldn't justify paying $400+ for headphones no matter how nice. I've had two other Sennheisers before, a 200 series and 500 series, and both still work, but I'd heard so much about this model.I don't have anything fancy yet, just a halfway decent sound card on my PC, so I may revisit this review. Compared to my Sennhesier 560s, to an amateur like me, the differences aren't huge. The bass is less "booming" on the 600s, but I didn't feel I lost anything in songs. Where I did notice the difference was more mid and high range sounds, particularly the sound of cymbals. On some songs it was almost like hearing the song again for the first time.These things are stated if you research, but no active noise cancelling on these. If you're listening loudly enough people will hear. For the bass lovers, I think these are just fine, but they don't thump the bass like others I've had, so if that's super important to you there are probably less expensive pairs.I've been so happy with the purchase even though it was a luxury. I'm listening to music all the time and it's nice to have the toys that really make it sound good."
"I'm a newbie audiophile and when these went on sale earlier this year I couldn't resist. GOOD LORD WAS THAT ONE OF THE BEST DECISIONS I'VE EVER MADE! There is 0 reason you shouldn't own these as an audiophile if you have the money to spare. These have been my go-to headphones in general, but if I want to use closed back headphones I use the K371's. Honestly $300 is a steal for these in this price range, they are probably the best headphones you can get at the $300 price point. I will seriously never stop gushing about these headphones, I will love these forever and sure I might some day get some crazy headphones like the LCD-3's or some of the other hall of fame headphone but for now, these are my favorite headphones and will always have a special place in my heart."
"I play a lot of gos games and hearing is half the battle! These headphones are night and day compares to my Razor Kraken v2 7.1. Everything is clean and you can literally pinpoint where footsteps are coming from BIG plus! Great price for the quality!"
"If you're reading this, you're deep enough into the audio hobby to have realized an important psychological truth about yourself: you can't leave well enough alone. Neither can I. That's why, even after falling head over heels in love with the sound of the HD650, I ordered the HD600. I just had to know.The verdict? It's almost too close to call, but for my preferences the 650 is the better headphone. The two have been compared to death online, but if you have the capacity to think for yourself, audio review sites and forums are usually an unsavory if fascinating combination of shilling, self-justification, and "follow the leader" parroting of received opinions. Many self-proclaimed "audiophiles" have strong opinions about equipment they've never actually heard, which I can't accept.Given that, I decided the only way to compare the two headphones honestly was to listen to both myself for hours, going back and forth on a wide variety of recordings. The difference between a good recording and a bad recording dwarfs the difference between lossy and lossless, and the HD600 (more so than the HD650) may end up changing your taste in music because it makes good recordings sound SO GOOD and bad recordings sound SO BAD. In other words, it reveals the "truth" of the recording, and sometimes the truth hurts—it's really hard to enjoy The Killers now.The fact is that the 600 and 650 are ultimately more alike than different, and the popular insistence that they sound completely different has more to do with what Freud called "the narcissism of small differences" than the headphones themselves. If you Google some variation on "HD650 vs HD600," you'll hear over and over that the 650 is "bassier" or "darker." Not really. There's actually very little difference across this parameter. Piano music presents an exception, but this is rarely what people think of as a bassy genre.There are two significant differences. The first is soundstage. The HD650's soundstage is wider, but that doesn't mean it can make a cramped recording sound airy. The HD600's soundstage is more intimate; there's less space between left and right channels, but it's not a huge difference, and I could see people preferring (or at least not minding) the HD600's tighter spacing.The most striking difference between the two headphones is in what I'd call "smoothness." The best analogy I can think of comes from digital photography. As an image sensor increases its sensitivity, it also increases its noise because you can't amplify a signal without also amplifying noise. There are two rival philosophies for dealing with noise: leave it as "grain" or smooth it out. Grain has its devotees, and the advantage of grain is that it preserves fine detail. The disadvantage is that past a certain point it becomes a distraction. The advantage of smoothness, meanwhile, is that it looks superficially nicer. The disadvantage is that when you look closely you won't see all the fine details. Like all things, it's a continuum of compromise. The 600 is the headphone to get if you value detail at the cost of an occasionally unpleasant grainy and even metallic quality to the sound. The 650 is the one to get if you care more about music than sound and don't care if your headphones sand down the sharp edges of your music a bit.Going back and forth between the two, it quickly becomes clear that the 650 is the stronger all-around performer: it sounds nicer on more recordings and across more genres. The 600, meanwhile, is the champion of a particular niche: good recordings with lots of micro detail. Want to be able to count how many times the skin of a drum reverberates after it's struck? Want to hear such fine vocal gradations you'll know how a singer felt during recording? The 600 is for you.Make no mistake: at its best, the 600 produces the most astonishingly detailed sound I've ever heard. Unfortunately, at its worst it sounds grainy, jumbled, and not particularly musical. I'm sorry to report that piano music sounds particularly off on the 600: low frequencies disappear and take the fullness of the keys with them. Vocals can sound oddly recessed, even far away. In general, the 600 seems to fare better with female vocals than male ones, and with strings over pianos. It's absolutely glorious for acoustic guitar, but then, so is the 650.The 650's great advantage lies in its ability to bring out vocals like a spotlight. They stand out so clearly and powerfully from the instrumentation that you'll feel like you're hearing your favorite songs for the first time. The effect is really quite incredible: it's like there's a special sonic space reserved for vocals and unpolluted by other sounds. Based on Sennheiser's own specs, the 650 has lower distortion than the 600 and it's clearly a more refined driver unit. Whatever the technical reason, the 650's background is pitch black: sounds rise from and fall back into a sea of silence. Be forewarned: a well-recorded vocal track through the 650 may bring tears to your eyes, and that's why I kept the 650 and returned the 600.Finally, let's talk about measurements. While there's a valid SUBJECTIVE argument for preferring the sound of the 600, the 650 has an objectively better driver that improves on its predecessor in every way: higher sensitivity, lower distortion, and better power handling. Here are the figures straight from Sennheiser's manuals, which you can find for yourself on the product pages for both headphones at bhphotovideo[dot]com. The terminology used isn't consistent from one manual to the other, but the parameters in question are the same. I've noted these variations where applicable.Frequency response (-10db): 12 – 38,000 Hz (HD600), 10 – 39,500 Hz (HD650)Impedance: 300 ohms (same for both)Sensitivity/"Loudness" (Sennheiser also calls this "Sound pressure level at 1 kHz"): 97 dB (HD600), 103 dB (HD650)Load rating (Sennheiser also calls this "Long-term max. input power"): 0.2W aka 200mW (HD600), 500mW (HD650)THD (Total Harmonic Distortion): ≤0.1% (HD600), ≤0.05% (HD650)In short, the HD650 will get louder than the 600 because it has higher sensitivity at the same resistance. The fact that it can handle almost twice as much INPUT power is a positive, not a negative; if you turned a decent amp ALL THE WAY UP with the HD600 connected, you could damage or even destroy the drivers. The 650 has enough headroom for more than twice as much input power, but there's little point in driving your headphones loud enough for permanent hearing loss.At the end of the day, headphone preference, like any preference, is primarily subjective, and I can't seriously imagine anyone being unhappy with the HD600."
"I use headphones a lot for mixing my compositions and have been using (primarily) the AKG 702 Quincy Jones series, and the Focal Professional Series, and researched to find another option for up to $300.  These Sennheisers received very high marks.  As far as the sound they are comparable in quality to both my aforementioned headphones, so no complaints there.  But they don't come anywhere near the quality build that I got with my AKG headphones.  I find the ear covers too tight and snug and the whole package seems very plastic oriented.  And I will also mention that the packaging (box) is cheap, disposable trash.  For those reasons, I would recommend the AKG 702 over these headphones for about the same price."
"I received these during prime day.  The first time I used them I wasn't that impressed. However, I know the ear pads need some break in. After a few times I plugged in my bass, bass amp and a headphone amp.  My gosh these sound good.  The headphone amp really makes it with these.  They have an excellent sound and definitely improved over time.I also have the DT 770 pro 80 ohm.  I really like those, too.  The main differences I see between the two are volume level and clarity.  The hd600 has more volume without an amp.  The dt770 pro 80 really needs an amp.  I get popping when playing the bass with the dt770s and no amp.  Clarity is much better with hd600, although the dt770 pro 80 has high bias.  I like it but it isn't as clear as the hd600.I honestly don't think you can go wrong with either but I haven't played bass using the dt 770 pros since I bought the hd600s.Note: It took about two weeks for dt 770 pro 80 ohm to sound their best.  I do not regret the buy."
"They knocked it out of the park with these. The presence on these is incredible. Buy them and go back and listen to your source. It will literally have a new sound. Highly recommended. Currently on sale here and their site."
"Am using these to listen to vinyl mostly, late at night when the family is sleeping, and they sound great!"
"I spent too much? Nope.Worth it.I’m worth it.Smooth is the best way I can describe the sound. Perfect.No doubt, I’m so glad I treated myself to the best.An adjustment here and there, and I am in music bliss.10 out of 10."
"My first foray into the world of audiophile headphone because I heard this was an amazing set for a good price and it was very true. I instantly began to hear things I’d never heard before in songs I’ve listen to hunderads of time across many different systems in the past. Extremely comfortable and the open back design makes them so much better for me because I hate the muffled sound of my own voice I get when talking with headphones on normally. Just make sure you have the hardware to play these but you don’t need anything crazy, I just use my laptop and a small preamp. But you could even run it with less if you wanted."
"I've been shopping for some new headphones now for nearly a year to replace my aging Sennheiser HD 525s that I probably bought close to 20 years ago.  They've been quite the faithful set of cans, but replacement parts have gotten impossible to find.  First Sennheiser quit selling the replacement ear pads, then the headband was discontinued, then their replacement cables got really expensive.  So it was time to look for a new set to hopefully get me another 20 years of headphone-y bliss.Although I seriously considered jumping to another brand, I wound up coming back to Sennheiser based mostly on the reviews of these headphones here and on some other sites.  I really prefer a well balanced sound over the bass-heavy "urban" style or treble-heavy sound of some other styles like Grados and AKGs.  Plus, having prior experience with a similar model of headphones, I kind of knew what to expect, with both the good and bad points.First point I gotta make has nothing to do with fidelity.  Dang, these are some ugly looking 'phones!  They are nicer in person than the pictures convey, but still not something people will compliment you on for having good taste.  Luckily, looks mean nothing when it comes to sound quality.  Frankly, I'd rather look kinda dorky but smile every time I hear my music than look "cool" but grumble at a flawed set of headphones.Second, the build quality as new seems on par with the current asking price, but I do wonder about long term longevity since the plastic, while thick, feels kind of brittle.  My old HD 525s were mostly well taken care, a few "oopsie" moments aside, and have held up well.  But they're also pretty flexible, which this HD 600 set does not seem to be at all.  Hopefully it'll loosen up a little over time.  That will also help with the fit; right now they are a bit on the tight size for my slightly larger-than-average sized melon.The best I can say as a non-audiophile is that these are at least on par with my previous Sennheisers.  They do seem to offer tight, clean (but not over-emphasized) bass and clean mids and highs.  My hearing is a bit… wonky, though, so even with good headphones I need an EQ to "clean up" some of the oddities. Rather than have a hearing curve that peaks around human speech frequencies like normal ears, mine starts off below human speech with mild loss, then grows more and more sensitive until it goes literally off the charts in the high frequency range.  In fact, in a test setting I peaked at around 22 kHz at the age of 25, although age has surely taken some of that high-high end ability away.  It still leaves me with a massive peak around 6-8 kHz, which I have to EQ out when I can, otherwise I get headaches with treble-heavy music.The old HD 525's I had required about a -4 dB drop on the EQ at the 4 and 8 kHz bands. These require about a -6 dB drop, which is a noticeable difference to me, so I suppose they are brighter than the old set, but only by a bit.  (By contrast, a cheaper set of JVC headphones I tried recently required -12 dB, the maximum the EQ could do, and still caused me to get a headache after a few minutes of rock music listening at a moderate volume level.)I realize this information is of zero use to everyone, but it felt good to at least explain why I even need an EQ in the first place, since they're rare as hen's teeth in modern audio systems!So far I've only been able to find two real complaints.  Because they are so stiff, they clamp down on my large melon of a head quite a bit more than the old set did.  Thankfully, they are still surprisingly comfortable due to the velvety soft ear cushions.  Here's hoping Sennheiser doesn't discontinue selling replacement ones any time soon!The other complaint is while listening to one particular song I did encounter some buzzing from the left channel during a passage with a pretty loud mid-bass range audio section.  It was likely just the particular timber of the sound itself and I haven't been able to replicate the buzz with other music yet, but it did give me a second of pause, wondering if something was loose internally already.  My HD 525s buzz and rattle like an old Chevy on a gravel road, but they didn't start doing that until just a few years ago.Overall, I think these may be the perfect "jack of all trades" headphones.  They're not perfect for hip-hop or rap or bass-heavy electronic music necessarily, nor will they satisfy those who crave a brilliant bright high end for classical music.  But for everyone else, be they fans of rock, pop, jazz, country, folk, blues or — heaven forbid — even polkas, these may be the best headphones can by for the money."
"I have sort of an emotional attachment to these headphones.  I've had them since September 25th, 2011, and I love them/their sound more now than I did back when they were new.  I just figured I'd finally drop in and say some words about this product.Equipment:I have a Bottlehead Crack amp with speedball upgrade.  I also have some nice tubes (about $75 each) plugged into my amp.  I have an HRT Music Streamer II+ running from my computer into my amp.  I've gone through the typical route of entry-level amp/dacs, grabbing the Fiio E7/E9, Electric Avenue PA2V2, and Fiio E17 along my journey of tasty music.  I've heard the Bottlehead Crack with multiple different stock or "cheap" tubes, and now with my nice ones that I researched around before buying.  Also, I replaced the cable with the HD 650 cable (mainly it's just more durable imo).The Headphones:They're beautifully made.  Their aesthetic is fairly timeless if you ask me, as is true of any well-designed product.  They're stiff and strong, and they really fit well.  I can keep them on my head for about 6+ hours at a time before having to rip them off, which is truly saying a lot.  My ATH-M50's are really uncomfortable by comparison.  I love the velour pads and the memory foam padding, they're really nice and I personally love them, I'll never go with anything but velour earpads ever again after being treated to HD 600's pads. I have since ordered Velour pads for my ATH-M50s and it's a much-needed upgrade in the comfort department.The Sound:The sound is *very* clean and balanced, which is what these headphones are known for.  The whole breadth of the music, from the lowest lows to the peaking (yet non-fatiguing) highs are apparent in every song of every genre.  There are no awkward boomy frequencies, and nothing sticks out more than anything else. As an example, times when this is most apparent is during a jazz track with an upright bass. The upright bass is naturally a loose-sounding/boomy instrument where the bass vibrates in and out of different volume levels every time it's plucked. These headphones can tame the loose upright bass, while the piano, drums, and brass have their separated place, playing as a blended ensemble instead of a just collection of instruments. These headphones are very revealing, and it's amazing to come from listening to "veiled" headphones (headphones that muck up detail) to this analytical sound.[Side Note]:Before I broke them in, they sounded a little too "dry", aka 2-dimensional, flat or lifeless in a sense, where there's not really any excitement or dynamism to the sound.  It was detailed, but not dynamic or lively.  After breaking the headphones in for 200 hours, they are much better, as are any and every headphone I've ever had.  Breaking-in headphones truly works, I've experienced it with speakers, subwoofers, and headphones all all the same (except earbuds).If you're used to a lot of bass, it can *seem* disappointing, but if you give these headphones enough juice through a nice amp and DAC, the sound fills out nicely.  The bass becomes more full, bellowing and resonant, but NEVER overpowering; always tasteful and clean.  Separation of instruments increases, allowing you to hear more pieces of the music at once instead of one wall of sound.  It almost seems like the HD 600's grow additional mini-speakers within the drivers to play each part of a song separately, as that's the best way I can describe it.In short, the sound becomes full-bodied and never fatiguing when you give these cans the juice they need to shine.Also, don't be afraid to spend money on a $300 amp and DAC, seriously.  I baby-stepped my way through, and I'll say that I never really had that come to Jesus moment until I got the Bottlehead Crack amp.  Also, when you're listening for differences or trying to justify that you just bought this amp and are going to "hear" the differences, you won't really "hear" it.  You can't "listen" for more of this or more of that, more bass or more separation, it's honest to god just a feeling.  To me, I felt myself bobbing my head a lot more than I usually did with songs I'd heard many times before, because I was really feeling the music in my head bounce like never before.  It's not quantitative, it's a feeling more than anything, and the head-bobbing will be your yardstick here, it was for me!I love these cans, I love the design, I love Sennheiser, and I love the capacity for growth through the use of amps and DACs.  Also, I love head-fi.org, it's your ticket to peer-reviewed audio bliss.Thanks for reading, and I wish you luck on finding your favorite cans!"
"Good black note clear vocals, mids and highs that don't bother good black sound"
"It would seem that my review has turned out to be a sort of comparison of the Sennheiser HD 598s to the HD 600s.  While it wasn't where I intended to go, I think the comparison is valid when deciding if the $200 premium is worth the payout (it is).I have owned/auditioned a ton of headphones over the years, and I currently have a pretty decent assortment in my stable.  But these HD 600s are probably going to have all those other pairs collecting dust.  About a month ago I had purchased a pair of HD 598s and they were the pair of cans that finally sold me on open phones.  I really like the 598s, and they are excellent for classical, jazz, classic rock, and many other genres music.  However, when it came to listening to contemporary popular music they just seemed to come up short.  The HD 600s are a much better "all around" headphone, and well worth the additional $200 (in my opinion).  Their superiority was evident from the moment I put them on and plugged them in.  I played Chris Isaac's "Wicked Game" and I literally had a chill run up my spine.  More bass than the 598s?  Yes; but it's not unnatural in any way whatsoever.  It just adds to the richness/quality of the overall sound.  These make everything just sound more real, and they seem to do it almost effortlessly.  After listening to the 600s for an extended period and then going back to the 598's, the differences become more noticeable.  Again,  where the 598s start to struggle, the 600s just power through.  I completely understand why so many people consider these to be some of the best phones ever produced.  I have also been tricked into looking around the room for that noise I just heard only to realize it was part of the recording.  If you need to stick to a budget, the 598s are an excellent choice and a fantastic bargain (just watch and wait for the price to dip).  However, if you can afford the premium price, the HD 600s are worth every penny.My listening setup consists of a variety of digital files played from my computer, an Onkyo C-7030 CD player, and a Nuforce Icon DAC/Headphone Amp.  I should also add that I don't use any equalization with my phones.  I messed around running the phones directly off the computer's headphone jack, and I have to say that I highly recommend a good DAC/Amp to get the most out of these cans, as the added power really brings them to life.  And remember that to truly "Listen" to these phones you need to be in a quiet environment.A few other observations:  The 600's clamp quite a bit tighter than the 598s, though they do seem to be loosening up a bit with use.  I think the 598s actually sound a bit wider and a touch brighter, but my 600's only have about 15 hours on them at this writing and like the 598s, I expect them to open up after more time.  I may invest in a better cable in the future, but the included cable gets the job done, and it's more flexible than the one for the 598's (which I also replaced).  I had thought about comparing these to some of my other closed phones for my review, but really, I don't feel that any of them even comes close to these 600s. I've also noticed that with the 598's it is important to find that sweet spot in the volume where the sound really starts to shine, while the 600's play much better and more balanced over a wider range of volume (high and low).I am looking forward to enjoying these headphones for many years to come.  If you have any comments or questions I welcome them and will try my best to answer.  I did extensive research prior to this purchase, so if I can't answer a specific question I may be able to point you in the right direction.Update 1:  After probably 20 more hours of listening I can clarify my comment about the 598s being a little bit brighter.  On certain pieces when I hear a high-hat cymbal on the 598's, I hear it as one sound, and mostly the sound of the cymbal.  On the 600's you clearly hear the stick hitting the cymbal, and the sound of the cymbal itself.  So, I would say the high end of the 600s may not be perceived as being as bright as the 598's, but it is much more defined, clear, and controlled."
"The sound quality for these are really amazing I definitely seen an improvement in my mixes while using these"
"General Thoughts: Coming from the Philips X2 this headphone was full of surprises! First of all I could not detect this veil people were talking about. On various forums these can's were described as being recessed sounding; Like you were sitting in the back row at a concert. To me they were the opposite! Everything sounded very clear and crisp to my ears and I felt as though I was on stage with the musicians. These headphones were also characterized as being boring but I found that I can rock out with them! I was also surprised at how easy they were to drive. I have an O2 amp/ODAC and I rarely had to engage the high gain mode to get my desired volume. Very cool.Sound: The midrange is definitely the highlight of these cans. They are in your face and will immediately grab you and pull you in! Both male and female vocals sound very good on these. If you prefer a more intimate midrange then these are the headphones for you! Bass is a bit light but not as bad as I was expecting. Still I would prefer a bit more as everything sounds somewhat thin. The treble was another surprise as I found them to be a little too shouty for my tastes; specifically in the upper midrange to lower treble. Then again I have pretty sensitive hearing so this may not be a problem for others. The sound was very clear and not lacking in energy. The soundstage though was almost practically missing! There was never a moment when a voice seemed to be shouting from across the room or from behind.Comfort: The comfort was good but not great. There's definitely a clamp on these. They do get a little annoying after awhile but then again I have a big head so YMMV here. The X2's on the other hand almost disappear on my noggin'. They are easily the most comfortable headphones I've ever worn.Build Quality: Somewhat lacking. It feels like the plastic on the headband will crack under slightest amount of pressure. They feel very cheap to me. These headphones do not seem to be built to last and I could see myself breaking them within a few years even though I'm very careful with my possessions. If they were to fall on tile or a hardwood floor then I could see them breaking or cracking easily. The X2's on the other hand are built like a tank! You'd have to run over those with a car to damage them!Conclusion: All in all these are very nice headphones. They have a reputation of being the gold standard for headphones and though I feel that's somewhat justified I still prefer my X2's. If you get the HD600's then I think you'll be pleased with them. They sound very natural but do lack a bit of the fun factor of the X2's. If you like to analyze your music or do any kind of mixing then these should definitely be on your short list! If it wasn't for the X2's then these might be my go to headphones despite their shortcomings.Update (2/6/16):Well it seems that my X2's bit the dust. I barely had them for 6 months when the right side driver blew. I returned them to Philips for a full refund as I was within warranty however the new version I procured sounded very little like the original. Bigger but less controlled bass, very little treble to speak of, and an even more distant midrange! Needless to say I returned them to Amazon as soon as I could! Thanks for ruining an excellent headphone Gibson!  I liked the HD600's a lot due to the naturalness of their tone but I didn't care for their somewhat lacking bass and their annoying upper mids. So I decided to give the HD650's a try considering they were very similar in tone and I was totally blown away! They had all the things I loved about the HD600's but with more bass and none of the peaky upper mids! They also have a larger soundstage though not as large as the X2's. The midrange is to die for and these are now my go to headphones for rock! Even electronic music sounds very good on them. So if you're like me and enjoy some bass with your music but still want beautiful mids then give the HD650's a try. You'll be glad you did!"
"As the title suggests, this is my new favorite pair of headphones. I have a larger head, so they clamped down pretty hard at first, but after a little break in period, they're very nice! They're super clear and have way more bass than I was expecting, which is great! My previous favorites were Meze's 99 Classics, which I still use, but the HD600 is my goto for quiet spaces since it lets all the noise in, which includes the noise from my air conditioner. So for days when I don't need that A/C, they are my daily drivers!"
"I knew what I was in for, and honestly I shouldn't have bought them. Because these headphones aren't for me. But I have the shp 9500's and I was looking to upgrade from them. Honestly, I like the sound of my shp 9500's more than these. These are what some people call "neutral", but to me the highs sound veiled. Overall, the sound just kind of sounds distant from my head (highs and vocals) and a little boxed in. Personally, I prefer some high end sparkle. These headphones did make me realize what soundstage is. And honestly, I also prefer the shp 9500's for being more intimate. These make the sounds come further from your head, but it isn't magical. It doesn't make things sound more 3d. Just.. honestly sounds more distant. Listening to my shp 9500's after these, does make me realize a few flaws with them. They do have some treble peaks that are a bit fatiguing after a while, but I've gotten used to their sound signature, I like my ears to hurt a bit while I listen to music. Also, the shp 9500's have that treble grain, but that's the only reason why I'm looking to upgrade from them. Also would be nice to have bass that doesn't roll off. Which both these headphones have that problem. Audiophiles say that you don't need that deep bass, but that is just simply not true. You have to be kidding yourself if you think bass isn't important to music."
"Had to replace a set of Q-701s from AKG, didn’t want to purchase them again since they moved production of that model to China. So, based on reviews, I decided on the HD600 over the HD650, the latter of which is supposedly too warm sounding with rolled off or veiled treble response.I’m not a headphone expert, though I have been using them in one form or another dating back to 1977, so a good 40 years on everything from the old Koss white eggshell looking things to Sony’s 1980s on the ear to noise canceling Sony and Bose phones. But for music (hi-fi) my AKGs had been my reference until they were damaged. But this review concerns some AKG K-712s that I purchased at the same time as the Sennheisers specifically to test. In truth I picked up the AKGs after being disappointed with the HD600s; feeling like something was missing.The AKGs are a lot more resolving and provide a lot of space and air around the music, instruments are well separated, while the HD600s are a bit more congested and there isn't a good amount of resolution between or of the various instruments - and it's due a hard to pin down bloat in the upper bass and the roll-off in the upper treble.  So the highs are also slightly rolled off in the 13kHz region and above.  The K-712s (like the Q-701s) impart upon the music a non-rushed, easy to pick apart, breezy easiness. Now that I can compare them side by side, the Sennheisers definitely also have slightly bloated, bloomy bass, which tends to interfere with the rest of the music.Comfort for the HD600s is GOOD – definitely above average from what I’ve tried on but build quality of materials and craftsmanship is just so-so. As others have noted, there are some joints that look and feel pretty easy to break. They are about on par with the AKG-712s both in comfort and build, and neither of them are particularly impressive for the price, especially full retail. I think the AKGs are probably going to be more durable under most situations just due to the design having fewer plastic moving parts.  Both companies should have used some light metal alloys and the quality/look and feel would have improved immensely. There is no excuse for this level of plastic at this price point from AKG or Sennheiser. Spare me the fancy boxing and literature and put that money into the physical attributes of the products. The Sennheisers are more comfortable on my medium sized head than the AKGs. My previous AKG Q-701s seemed to fit tighter, the K-712s are looser and feel like they might fall off. There isn't enough tension in the support apparatus.The Sennheisers do more than just feel comfortable....they sound comfortable. Lush and enveloping, even if slightly congested or claustrophobic.  Don’t get me wrong – those adjectives seem negative, but they’re only used in comparison to the AKGs, which approximate planar or ribbon drivers in the space and general relaxed, airy quality and true to the music as it was recorded or mastered. In a vacuum or if all I had the ability to ever use was the HD600s, I could convince myself that I’m satisfied. It’s just that with the AKGs I can pinpoint each instrument in the mix, spatially and tonally. These are critical listening headphones and the HD600s are comfortable listening session headphones.  I suppose in some listeners the AKGs could get fatiguing, but not with decent source material or a good headphone amp. Rather, your ears get used to them and you start appreciating their finesse, space and easy-goingness. I would bet that to most peoples’ ears these will sound like very similar headphones. The presentation, maybe voicing, is not that different between the two – other than the bass and upper treble. On some tracks indeed they could be indistinguishable. That says bad things to me about the HD650 which everyone seems to say are veiled in the high registers. If they’re more veiled than the 600s, then I couldn’t think of any use for them personally. But if I was at the store and comparing the HD600s and K-712s on the same amp and source material, I again can think of some songs where there isn’t enough of a difference between the two to matter. Point being, if you’re spending $300+ on a pair of “reference” headphones, you would be well-served to compare a few models on a longer timescale than a simple trip to Best Buy.I guess the verdict is that neither of these look or feel like $350 headphones (much less their $400+ retail prices), but both sound adequate for most uses, so I’d advise you to try before you buy. And getting away from the specific impressions of the various frequency bands or "musicality" my overwhelming impression is that I'd rather buy an album from someone who mastered it on the AKGs than on the Sennheisers. I'd rather do mastering on the AKGs. In summary, I’m sticking with the AKGs and sending back the Sennheisers."
"I'm generally of the opinion that the word "classic" gets thrown around too often in the world of headphones, but I have to say, for as old and storied as the Sennheiser HD600's are, they truly embody the title in every way possible. As far as "mid-fi" headphones go, I don't look to any other can out there, and to tell the truth they're actually my most used pair of headphones simply because the sound signature is so appealing and easy to listen to and appreciate.Sound:Obviously this is the most important aspect of headphones past a certain price point, and as I said, the HD600's don't disappoint in any discernible way. Sure, you're going to get better clarity and imaging as you go up in price, but for what they are, the HD600's have a truly outstanding sound signature.Highs are dark to the point that some would say they suffer from the infamous "Sennheiser veil," but that term honestly means less and less to me everyday I use these. The highs are about as articulate and detailed as you're going to get at this price point, only they're not "up front" like you hear from the likes of Beyerdynamics, so there are never any bursts of shrillness from the likes of cymbals and hi-hats. For the longest time, the promise of "darkness" from these cans scared me away, but I have to say, it's hard to listen to brighter headphones after hearing these. It's all of the detail without any of the bite.Mids are perhaps slightly overextended, especially on the higher end of the mid-range spectrum, but not to the point of sounding unnatural. Just to the point of becoming a preferential option when considering different headphones. Overdriven guitars sound especially fantastic. As a testament to their greatness, I actually disliked the Black Keys until I heard "Gold on the Ceiling" through these.Lows are in keeping with the "neutral" sound of the HD600's. They never overpower anything, but they're there when they're supposed to be, and focused and tight to boot. Considering their open design, I have no complaints with the lows whatsoever, especially coming off more bass-anemic cans like the AKG Q701's. Obviously they are not basshead cans, but they still deliver what they need to.The soundstage is wonderful as well. It's not as wide as the Q701's (though to be fair, that's the widest I've ever heard), but it's natural, airy and articulate enough to create a very pleasant stage overall.Also, it's probably obvious if you're looking to spend this much on headphones, but a good headphone amp REALLY brings these alive. They are actually surprisingly easy to drive, but a good amp and DAC really makeComfort:No need to spend too much time here. These are Sennheiser headphones. They're most likely going to be some of the most comfortable headphones you ever put on your head. Though I will say that these in particular need a little "bend-in" time to really get comfy. Everything is padded very well, but the clamping force right out of the box is slightly too strong, but thankfully becomes a non-issue after ten or so hours of use.Build Quality/Features:"Features" isn't really a strong suit of most Sennheiser headphones (not that that's a particularly bad thing), so I'll just say feature-wise, they terminate in a 3.5mm plug and come with a 1/4" adapter that fits nicely over the 3.5mm. That's about it, honestly.The build quality is great, though they are a bit more plastic-y than I would like. Other than that, I have no complaints here either. The velour pads are affixed nicely to the cups, the aluminum lining in the headband seems very sturdy, and even the plastic itself feels at least high quality and hearty. Also, it's worth noting that the binding method on the headband is totally different from Sennheiser's lesser HD models, so that infamous "headband cracking" you seen occasionally on the 598's, 595's and 555's is non-existent in these.Conclusion:I can't recommend these enough. They will most likely be an outstanding step up from whatever you're upgrading from. Some of my favorite headphones ever."
"For $300, the HD600 even with it's current cheaper -feeling build is still a great value. If you're not an audiophile or don't listen to music with much care for the detail or production, then you probably don't need them. Ironically, the HD600 just so happens to be a headphone that really reveals the quality of the track your listening to. It has a relatively neutral frequency response, but that honestly doesn't say much by itself.The headphone is primarily great for enjoying mids, while providing sufficient bass and delivering a nice and stinging snare (the way you should want it :O). The imaging and soundstage is relatively narrow, but actually exists unlike on the HD6XX, which lets the HD600 actually let vocals pop-out more. The sound is very in your face, it delivers intensity and a certain rawness without sounding too harsh. It still has detail and reveals the timbre of instrumentals really well. As long as you're driving these headphones pretty well with a good DAC/Amp setup, they should sound magnificent. Acoustic guitar, male vocals, and instrumentals in general are among my favorite type of music for listening to with the HD600.The only thing, which I think is kind of up for debate is the so called "veil". When I first listened to the HD600 they of course sounded amazing, nearly perfect. When I tried another headphone, however, the Hifiman Edition XS and then switched back to the HD600, things got a little weird. I felt like I couldn't recognize the same sound I had once heard from the HD600. Things just started to sound unclear, but after a day to let my mind refresh, the HD600 sounded fine as they normally would. To this day I'm still unclear as to what the Sennheiser "veil" is supposed to mean, but it might certainly exist. However, this is not an actual problem if you drive these headphones daily.You don't really even need to read my review to understand how important these headphones are. The tonality of these headphones and what Sennheiser has to offer is pretty much embedded within these headphones. They've withstood the test of time for nearly, what, like 25 years? They're a part of most of audiophile collects I bet, and I know quite a fair number of people who either have the HD600 or the HD6XX. If you want a more neutral and intense sound with actual imaging for more well-produced songs, go for the HD600. If you want a similar sound to the HD600, but something more comfortable in exchange for less soundstage, go for the 6XX, they're better for instrumentals I find."
"If hearing what the artist intended to put into their recordings is important to you, you need equipment that can squeeze those details out of the recordings.  These cans could be one important (maybe the most important) component of a system that can do that.What the HD600's do well is that they don't exaggerate any part of the sonic spectrum -- part of what this means is that if you are a "bass head" you may wish to look elsewhere.  If there is lots of bass in the source material, you'll hear it cleanly and clearly.  If it ain't there, you won't hear it.These are over-ear, open headphones.  That means that they totally surround your ear, and that the ear cups are not sealed.  If you turn up your music enough (and it doesn't have to be much), other people can hear what you are listening to, albeit not as loudly or clearly as you can.If you intend to use these cans in an open office environment, or to listen to music on a plane -- you've got the wrong product.  You'll need closed cans or in-ear monitors, or something with noise cancellation -- and you have lots of great options.If you intend to use these cans in a relatively quiet place where sound leakage isn't going to bother anyone else -- now we're cooking with gas!But that's not all.  If you plan on listening to your music off a phone or other portable device, the device won't likely be able to get your music to listenable levels.  You will require some sort of headphone amplifier to get the most of these.  In most circumstances, you will want a dedicated headphone amplifier for these.  I use a Schiit Fulla 2 as a combination DAC (digital/analog converter) and amplifier connected either to my Mac Mini or iPhone 7.But wait...we ain't done yet.  If you are listening to digital media, you will want to make sure that your music is encoded with sufficient quality.  128kbps mp3's may not sound any better on HD600's as compared to a lesser headphone.  So, make sure your compressed music is 256kbps AIFF (the Apple format) or 320kbps mp3.  Better yet -- encode your music in either Apple Lossless or FLAC (free lossless audio codec) so you can get the most out of your source material.What do Sennheiser HD600's give you that lesser headphones don't?  Clarity.  Detail.  A sense of space -- a feeling that you are in the room with the musicians making the music and can hear the voices and instruments separately and maybe even from different positions around you.If I compare these to the Sennheiser Momentum (over ear, first generation) I hear details like background vocals that are buried deep in the mix, or subtle guitar accents, the mechanical clicking of of the keys while the flute player plays a soft passage, or a singer taking a breath before the next phrase. The Momentums are great cans in their own right and can even catch some of these details, and phones and other portable devices can drive them without the aid of amplifier, but imagine that they are a pair of filtered eyeglasses that can see thousands of colors -- and that the HD600's are filtered eyeglasses that can see millions of colors -- the differences are subtle if the "sonic colors" are present in front of you and that you are capable of hearing them -- you can see that hyper-intelligent shade of blue with the HD600's, but it just shows up as some indefinitely pleasant shade of blue with the Momentums.  An exaggeration perhaps, but hopefully it gets the point across.Bottom line, if you have the device/amplifier to drive them, the right place to listen to them, and music that is sufficiently well-encoded you will have the tools to appreciate what the HD600's have to offer.  Are HD600's the best?  Probably not, but you will be hard-pressed to do better without dropping a lot more coin."
"With these headphones I noticed a slight distortion in my cd player left channel that I didn't hear with my B & W and Behringer. Something to fix now."
"Updated (6/20/21) - HD600's are still a great pair of headphones, and here's what I've learned since I bought mine. You get out what you put in; these headphones like better quality recordings, so if you have live-recorded and properly made music, you can crank that music up and it will sound phenomenal. With poor quality recordings, you'll find yourself steering away from those songs pretty quickly with how badly they sound. These are good to listen to records with, too, as long as you have a decent record player. I've had my HD600's for 4 years now, and they're still going strong. You may need to replace the cable, earcups, and headband over time, but these will last you a very long time.TL:DR - These headphones are great, especially for the price. The sound is neutral, but the quality is far from lacking.FULL REVIEW Despite an issue with my first pair of HD 600's, I liked the sound so much I got a second pair once the first was returned. Here's what I've found out about the HD 600's in the 6 months I've had them.Comfort - These headphones are very lightweight, so it's easy to forget you're wearing them. However, when you first get them, these headphones clamp your head hard. Keep on using them and let the headband stretch out, and over time you'll be able to wear them for literally all-day use without any soreness. W/O Amp and DAC - The bass is very recessed on anything you listen to without a proper amp. Mids and highs are still good, but the sound isn't as full or realistic without a proper amp. The sound is still good enough to outperform everything else I've tried and blew me away when I first tried them out, which was with this set up.W/ Amp and DAC (Magni 2 and Modi 2) - The music really seemed to come to life. From classical remixes of songs to Slash's performance in Paradise City, these headphones still leave me impressed. Bass, mids, and highs all sound good with none over powering the other. There is a lot of detail with these, which has led me to picking up background sounds I couldn't hear or overlooked before. Hearing a lot of extra details in music I already knew took a bit of getting used to, but I very quickly started to like certain songs more because I realize they had more sounds than I realized. This has been very helpful when comparing the sound between my HD 600's and other speakers and headphones I've tried. The only real problem with the HD 600's is that if there are any imperfections in your music, such as problems with sound mastering or just being an MP3 you converted from YouTube, you will hear every imperfection. Keep that in mind when getting these or other audiophile grade headphones; you will need to get CD's or, at the barest minimum, 320 kbps MP3's for listening to music. The static and distortion in anything lower quality will be really annoying. Not to mention their open-back design and 300 ohms of impedance mean you shouldn't be using them while traveling, though this doesn't bother me as I use the at home.Overall, if you want to get a pair of audiophile grade headphones for under $300 and you can afford these, do not hesitate. There are definitely other and better options out there, but not for the same price as these (unless these go back up $385 again for a short period). Sure, they aren't the best sounding headphones in the world and the $270 I spent when I got these is still a lot of money, but I haven't regretted these since I got them. These changed my perspective on listening to music for the better and you'd be hard pressed to go wrong with buying a pair of HD 600's."
"These headphones are a testimony to the phrase "old is gold". Despite being 25 years old, these cans still produce the best natural frequency response and timbre that I have heard out of any headphone, and I have owned alot of headphones. Here are just some of the models I have owned previously. Focal Clear, Focal Elex, HiFiMan Ananda, Sundara, HE-4XX,  HE-5XX, HE-400i, Sennheiser HD560S, HD599, Phillips X2HR, Phillips SHP 9500, DCA ÆON Closed X, DCA ÆON Open X, Monoprice M570, ATH-M50X, Beyer DT990 Premium, Fostex T50RP, Fostex Dekoni Blue, and many more. I have also demoed cans such as the ATH-R70X, Avantone Planar, AKG K712, K612, Beyer DT1990 Pro and many more.The single fault that I can find with this headphone's frequency response is the lack of proper bass extension. It rolls off around 5db or so after 80hz. This is very easily fixed by EQ though. The only other fault I can find is the imaging/staging performance. The staging is very intimate and tight (which I like, personal preference kind of thing) but the imaging is a bit more vague then something like the Focal Clear. Overall though, it's imaging is not bad, just not good either.Out of everything I have heard, these sound the most natural and correct in tone and timbre. It is simply incredible. The only other audio device I have heard that matches the HD600 in frequency response is the Etymotic ER2SE/XR. I vastly prefer the HD600's FR to things such as the Focal Clear and HiFiMan Ananda. It's timbre is also far superior to those two models. Everything from voices to instruments to the sloshing of water in the background of a mix sounds extremely natural and true to life.I personally think the HD600 is the best starting and stopping point in HiFi headphones. It's leagues ahead of typical consumer headphones and hangs or even exceeds multi-thousand dollar pairs in frequency response and timbre. I have personally sold all of my other headphones besides the HD600, it's that good. These are a tried and tested design that will last you years, unlike many other competitors around this price. *cough* HiFiMan *cough*My only other complaint is the comfort. Clamp is high out of the box but that is fixable. The earpads are a bit shallow and my ears do touch the interior foam. This can get uncomfortable after a while.I cannot recommend this headphone enough. Give it a try, you won't regret it."
"These headphones are pretty much the standard for this price range, and excellent if you want to explore more detail in what you listen to.They are open-backed headphones, which means you can hear outside noise with them on more easily than normal closed-back headphones or earbuds with a rubber seal. (This is why I didn't rate it's noise cancelling, as that isn't something these try to achieve) It also means that they have a very wide soundstage. It's hard to describe if you're not into audio, but basically it feels less like the sound is coming from speakers right next to your ears and more like you're in a room with the music playing.The sound is remarkably balanced, meaning most frequencies are emitted by the speakers at about the same volume. Being open backed headphones, the subbase tapers off a bit at the end, but is still very easy to hear. These shine when listening to music of all sorts, but particularly big-band jazz and orchestra. That being said, when listening to hip hop or rock or something, I find myself picking out much more detail than with something like my Bose QC45s (which are great in their own way)So what's the catch? You will need to have something a little more powerful than a normal computer audio jack to drive these headphones. I use mine with a Moto M2 USB audio interface, which is great because you can also run monitors and two xlr mics with phantom power at the same time. These aren't cheap but are about best bang for your buck if you want to record as well. Otherwise, you can probably fine a USB headphone preamp to run these.Overall these are excellent headphones for just about anything. They are my daily drivers for literally everything I do at my desk"
"All the Sennheiser headphones I tried and reviewed are well built and of high quality standards.  Everyone's preferences are different, and Sennheiser truly has something for everyone--whether a bassy soundcurve for punch (for dance music, DJing, and fans of genres of music which rhythm is important to them), a neutral soundcurve for authenticity (for Classical music, movies, music as it is originally mastered, Musical Theatre, and TV series), or a trebly soundcurve for clarity (for audiobooks, news, sports, talkshows, and vocal music if understanding what is being said/sung is more important than reproducing how they sound in real life).  The HD 600 is the well-built, open-back pair of headphones with that neutral soundcurve I've been looking for.  If I have second thoughts, I will post an update.12/02/22 Update:  While it doesn't bleed into the mids whatsoever, there may be a minor elevation in the bass register.  I am going to give the HD 560S another try to determine if its treble causes silibance, and/or if its bass is too weak.12/05/22 Update:  After researching headphones since February, I can understand why the HD 600 has maintained a high place among audiophiles and recording engineers since 1997.  While its slight elevation in the upper bass register may help warm things up for a less fatiguing listening experience, such an effect might not be desired if your objective is something completely neutral/transparent.  I never tried the HD 58X, HD 650, or HD 6XX, but they are reported to be even warmer than the HD 600.  After trying the HD 560 S again, I feel like its bass response is more neutral than the HD 600, and I don't notice any of the harshness or silibance I feared I would notice."
"Having owned a pair of HD660s and did not really like it at all, I decided to move "down the line" in the 6xx lineup and boy I really wish I had gone with the HD600 in the first place and abort the 660s bandwagon back then for its hype. This is the type of sound that I like, clean, neutral, incisive, and with perfect tuning. The HD600 is known as a classic for a reason. I was worried about the bass due to a series of review around internet but let me tell you I have no issue at all with this bass--the quality is great and it's not this kind of annoying thumpy, boomy bass that I get from my Bose noise-cancelling headphone. The quantity is sufficient for my use case and do not tire my ears out. Beautiful sound--absolutely a keeper.Note: You will need a really good amp to truly drive this 300 ohm beast to its true potential. My review is based on a pairing with the then $600 Ifi iDSD Black Label (now discontinued) which I have owned since 2017. You will not need a beefy amplifier I believe, but please do not plug this into your laptop/phone/ipad audio input."
"The audio you get from this loves up to all the hype no doubt but the comfort is a different story. For the first hour or so you’re able to get through the tight clamp you feel on your head but for me it was too much. If you’re looking for comfort look elsewhere. If you don’t mind a bit of pressure but want a great audio experience look no further!"
"The legendary HD600 from Sennheiser truly lives up to its name. They produce an incredibly detailed and neutral sound that is intimate and clean, while also having robustness that inspires confidence in their build quality. While they can be driven by your phone or PC onboard audio, the sound quality definitely takes a hit from the lack of amplification, so it is highly recommended to use them with a proper DAC and Headphone Amp. I drive them with an Audient iD4 Audio Interface.These are open-back headphones, so they do not isolate sound well. It will be easy for users to hear surrounding noises, and also for others to hear what is playing through the headphones (though not overly loud). However, this also result in music that sounds more natural and clear. So while this means they do not make great travel headphones, they make fantastic studio / home headphones where it is quieter and people may not mind the sound leaking from the headphones.The clamp on these headphones are pretty strong. Those with big heads might need to stretch the headband a bit, or simply bear with the headaches. However, the earpads are quite comfortable. Once I get comfortable with the headphones, I can use them for hours and hours on end without feeling fatigued.However, these are not suitable for everyone as their bass is rather lacking (EQ fixes it a little bit) and its soundstage is not the greatest, but nothing is ever perfect. Overall I am very happy with my purchase and I can foresee myself using these cans for many years to come!"
"For quite some time I was curious as to what was truly out there when it came to good headphones. Being interested in upgrading from my Audio Technica ath-m50 headphones I scoured the web for information on headphones reading numerous reviews and comparisons. The hd600 came up relatively often and was praised for its great value, neutral sound, ability to handle near any genre, and comfort. Seeing it available at $300 down from $400 like new, I convinced myself to go for it.The wait for it to arrive could not go fast enough and amazingly enough this was the first time I have had a product arrive before the estimated delivery date. Finally it was time to spend some time getting used to my new headphones and sizing them up. What I found was really quite surprising.The bass was the most obvious difference right off the bat. Coming from the m50's which are supposedly bass heavy and "v shaped" in their sound signature I expected the bass to take a back seat with these headphones. Nearly all comments I have heard on bass about the hd600 described it as light, or neutral, most certainly not the bass-head's headphone. At least for me, the low end sounds very present and well represented. Actually for the first time in some tracks I felt like I could properly hear the previously washed out bass line. If this is what bass neutral sounds like I can only imagine the slam in a bass heavy headphone.The mid-range is slightly fuller and clearer but I would not say the difference is night and day. As for the treble I notice the least amount of difference. I can say for certain that harsh highs or sibilance are practically non-existent provided the source is not overly so to begin with.The deciding factor on me choosing an open backed headphone was my desire for a greater sense of space, an effect I so often hear described by reviewers. To my disappointment the hd600 appears to be lacking in this department almost severely. Switching back and forth between my closed pair and these reveals no significant difference in sense of space. I did account for difference in recordings thinking that maybe I am simply not listening to music that demonstrates an impressive soundstage. After listening to some binaural and spacious recordings I have concluded the soundstage is indeed minimal.With these headphones being open I was concerned about their leaking of sound perhaps to the point of annoying others in the same room. Thankfully it is far less an issue than I anticipated. For an accurate comparison, play your music of choice (a little louder than you would normally listen) on some closed headphones with them off your head and point the cups outward. What you hear will be pretty close to these.Something odd I discovered is that these headphones actually sound louder than my m50's with the same exact volume level. I have no idea why this is as both the hd600's sensitivity rating and ohm rating are greater than the m50's. I am using these headphones with only my onboard sound on my pc. I was prepared to buy an amplifier to go with them, but I find I get ample volume even with the quietest of tracks. If anyone has any critical comparison experience of these headphones with a stronger amplifier and its effect on the sound I would love to hear about it.The comfort on these headphones is fairly mediocre. The pads could stand to be much softer and roomier. Unexpanded the headphones are very small, but they expand quite a lot, more than I could ever see someone needing. The clamp is strong out of the box, so much so if you need to move around for some reason while wearing these they will not be going anywhere. The clamp can be lessened by fully extending the bands and bending just the exposed metal. Bending the plastic along with it would probably cause it to break. Speaking of general build quality and aesthetics, these headphones are not bad at all. They do not exude class or luxury like some others in the same price range, but they are well put together and look great in my opinion. The weakest point is the swivel on the cups. They feel loose and not sturdily attached. The cable included is very thin and does not seem to be of very high quality. I like a thin and light cable myself but if you would like an upgrade, the hd650 cable looks much beefier.I am faced with a dilemma. I do enjoy these headphones, but do I feel they offer $300 worth of improvement, even spread over their lifetime? I would say no. at the full price of $400 I would strongly suggest trying out headphones in person and consider what things are most important to you in a headphone. At this price point, I feel a high end experience can be expected in all aspects of form and function.In conclusion, the merits of the hd600's are seemingly substantially over exaggerated. This is not to take away from their solid performance, but until these headphones reach a price point of $200-$250 I suspect there are better choices available.Edit: Due to concerns about me not evaluating the hd600 with proper amplification, please take my comments about sound quality with that in mind.Edit Part 2: It has been quite awhile but I can now update this review after having purchased an O2 headphone amplifier. My findings are on the unfortunate side, as It seems I can't hear any discernible difference in sound quality using the headphones from my  onboard sound v.s my headphone amplifier. I once again tried using them with my Iphone 4 and compared with the amp, but the results were the same. This goes completely against what I've been told countless times, leading me to believe expectation bias for audio must be incredibly powerful."
"Years a go I owned the predecessor to this phone, the HD580.  I got away from headphones and eventually sold it, after several years of enjoyment.  Senn has been selling the 600 and 650 at very reasonable prices lately, and since I'm back into headphones again, I decdieded to give them another try.The 600 is sometimes regarded as the more neutral phone when compared to the bassier HD650.  I've never heard the 650, but as I like a lot of detail and linear treble quantity and extension, I decided on the 600.  Senn has made a few improvements to the drivers since the old 580 days.  The sound is different than I remember the 580's.  There is definitely more treble energy, and a little more energy in the presence range compared to the old 580.There are plenty of reasons this headphone is considered a classic and the favorite of many.  Sound is very balanced and detailed.  No frequency range is emphasized.  the soundstage, even driven from JDS Labs portable O2 amp, is remarkable, and three dimensional.  Instrument separation is fantastic - if its in the recording, you WILL hear it.  Bass is punchy but doesn't not extend deeply into the sub bass.  It begins to roll off fairly quickly below about 60 hz.  This is one area where other headphones, including the HD650, outperform the 600.Vocals are clear and crisp, aided by the linear extension of the presence range up to about 4000hz.  The upper treble has some sparkle and air, but is never harsh.  It is an improvement over the old 580.Build quality is acceptable.  You might expect less plastic at this price, but the trade-off is that the headphone is completely modular.  Any part, including the driver that would ever need to be replaced can be done easily, with no tools other than maybe a small screwdriver.  Comfort level is superb.  Clamping force, on my small-medium head is just right,  not too loose and not a vice grip.  Combined with the 600's light weight and plush and soft earpads, which have plenty of room for my largeish ears, and these can be worn for hours at a time with no discomfort.The 600's scale well with better source and amplification.  Driven from my Bryston pre-amp, with a highis 120 ohm output impedance, these seem to come even more alive.  Perhaps its just the much larger voltage swing the Bryston can provide compared to the 02, but the bass is tighter and more powerful with more extension and even better soundstage.An amp is definitely recommended, but even my Sansa Clip + , with 0.5V  output is capable of driving them to (barely) acceptable volume.  But really, invest in an emp to getthe most out of these.Overall, a comfortable great-sounding headphone.  It immerses you in the music, and you just forget about the equipment and enjoy.  There are likely more detailed phones out there, but these are no slouch in that area.  I need a detailed phone in order to really get into the music.  the airy treble contributes to the lovely soundstage, but is never sibilant (unless the recording is, even then I think the 600 is a little forgiving).At a price of about 300, its hard not to justify this purchase.  Because of its modularity, you can own these for many years, as long as Senn continues to have parts available.  The model has been around for about 20 years, and it might be around for another 20.Hats off to  a classic, great sounding, comfortable all-rounder headphone."
"EDIT 9-20-12:I'm now using these headphones with the Dragonfly DAC/amp and the sound quality just shot up by a WIDE margin!  The Dragonfly does wonders for the HD600.  I highly recommend the Dragonfly as a source over the Essence STX and receiver.Happy listening!Original Review:I've had the HD600 for about a month now and was initially unimpressed with the sound coming out of it.I have the ASUS Essence STX soundcard (a music lover's soundcard with built-in headphone amp) and hooked the HD600 up to it thinking it would do a good job of driving the headphone like it did for my AGK K702.  The AGK K701/K702 are often compared to Sennheiser's HD600/650 for good reason; they both fall into the same price range (well...used to) and sound great in their own ways.  At first glance, the ASUS soundcard seemed to be doing a decent job of driving the HD600.  Volume was never an issue and clarity seemed good, although it wasn't as clear as the K702.  Unfortunately, the soundstage was a lot smaller than the K702 (this was expected) and seemingly more narrow (tunnel vision like) but it was bigger than the HD598 by a slight margin.I then tried to burn-in the headphones to see if it would make a difference. (I believe in burn-in since there was a noticeable difference when I burned in the K702)  After about 50 hours of burn-in and regular usage, there was hardly any detectable sound difference from the 0 hour state.  I'm not going to rule out the possibility the HD600 needing additional burn-in time and may update the review to reflect the changes.The next step was changing the stock cable to that of the HD650, as was advised by many reviewers here.  The HD650 stock cable is much thicker and durable than the HD600 stock cable.  Did it make a difference in sound quality?  It did sound better, but barely.  It's a cheap upgrade and probably worth having even if it didn't affect the sound.At this point:ASUS Essence STX + K702 = large soundstage, high clarity, low bass presence, great treble and vocalsASUS Essence STX + HD600 = narrow soundstage, decent clarity, great bass presence, good treble and vocalsI was ready give it 4 stars as I still preferred the AKG K702 and thought it sounded better in all regards except bass.Then I decided to hook this up to my high end Pioneer Elite receiver.  What changed? A LOT!!!The soundstage got bigger and was much wider (although not as big as the K702's)  Front positioned vocalists and instruments no longer sounded like they were in my face; they were pushed a little further back, making them sound more laid back.  The clarity shot up in quality to rival the AKG K702, making it sound less veiled than before.  I didn't think the receiver would make this much of a difference, since it only made slight sound improvements for the K702, but it did!Reciever + HD600 = large soundstage, high clarity, great bass, treble, vocals, everythingWith this set up, the HD600s are indeed 5 star material.Does it sound better than the K702?For songs in most genres, yes.  For classical, choirs, orchestra or anything else that takes place in a spacious auditorium, no.Overall, the AGK K702 sound great with the ASUS Essence STX and receiver.  The HD600 does not pair up to the soundcard as well and required the receiver to sound great.  Just another example of how your experience will depend on whether or not your headphones pair up well with your arsenal of amp/soundcard/receiver/anything-but-an-ipod."
"I tried dabbling into headphones including HD 6XX, HD 660S, DT 900 Pro X, and Focal Clear. The verdict? I sold them all and kept the HD 600 as my daily driver. Not gonna lie, the Focal Clears were amazing and comfortable but I just didn’t want to daily drive such expensive headphones that also had light colored cushions that will need to be cared for immaculately. The DT 900 Pro X had the best positional audio for playing FPS games but the clamp pressure was too much for my head during long sessions. The Sennheiser 600 series are comfortable for long sessions even with glasses but this HD 600 matched my sound signature for gaming and listening to music more than the 6XX and 660S. I’m not an audiophile so I can’t say for certain the actual sound differences but I feel it the HD 600 allows me to hear a range of different genres in a neutral way which feels consistent. Your mileage may vary but it definitely works for me."
"As a studio engineer and producer, I've been wanting to buy these headphones for at least several years.  However I put off purchasing them in favor of getting other less expensive headphones.I ended up with some Avantone MP1 headphones and some Senn DT-990 to help with mixing.  I already had some Sony 7506 and Audio Technica MTH-M50 for recording.Well I'm here to tell you, the HD-600 sounds the absolute best and flattest of ALL my head sets!  Whatever adjustments or changes I make on the HD600 is exactly how it comes out on my studio monitors. It's almost a 1 to 1 translation.  This is very important for mixing because you want to make sure that what you do in the studio translates to the real world (other people's listening systems).My other headphones all seem to have various sound profiles which doesn't exactly produce a good 1 to 1 translation.  For the instance the 7506 is bright, the M50 is more dark & bassy, MP-1 has balance but is not very detailed or lacks depth compared to the HD600.Although I do like how the DT990 sounds, however, I tend to trust the HD600 more. the HD600 sound profile  makes it particularly accurate and detailed if I'm mixing or doing sound editing.  The 990 does have more bass however, so it can be useful for checking the lower levels of the bass regions in a mix.At the end of the day, if you do any mixing or editing, the HD600 is well worth the price. I wish i wouldn't have waited so long to get one.  So if you're on the fence about it like I was, just trust me and get it now!!  You can thank me later :-)"
"I got my hd600 a week ago with that new grey color, and I like it a lot. It's very subtle, mature, and modern.I know the sound of this headphone has been extensively reviewed for the past 20 years, and people are probably bored of reading reviews, so I'll just briefly compare it to my Etymotic ER2SE IEM since both are tuned towards the diffuse field target.Both sound very natural to me. The sound signatures on these are more than 90% similar. ER2 is a little more realistic for some of the instruments I play. The hd600 is slightly bassy/darker, and the vocal is just slightly recessed. Yeah, you heard it right. It's recessed compared to the Etymotic. I prefer male vocal on the hd600 because it sounds fuller, and I prefer female vocal on the Ety because it sounds sweeter. The hd600 is a little veiled compared to ER2. Here is how I would describe it. If the brightest headphone is like the noon, and the darkest headphone is the midnight. Then ER2 is like the dawn, a little energetic, while hd600 is like the dusk, very relaxing. Although the lighting is similar, the feeling is different.HD600 has a larger soundstage and is inoffensive. There is a tendency to forget it is on my head after a while. The clamping force is not bad in this version. Transient seems to be better on ER2, but hd600 sound is smooth like silk. I seriously doubt I heard much detail difference. Sometimes I thought I heard some difference, then after switch, I found that's just the quality of my song... The hd600 is more detailed? But ER2 has at least 90% of details I heard on the hd600 at normal listening volume. However, ER2 is only one-third of that price (And don't forget that hd600 requires an amp such as JDS Atom.) Good job Etymotic. And you ask what about classical music? Nah I still prefer to enjoy it on my speakers because it's a totally different experience without sound appearing in or above my head. Nevertheless, I found there is indeed some magic happening when playing classical through hd600, like riding a water slide with gold powders falling down from the sky. I know it's a bad metaphor...The form factor is of course very different. When I switched to my ER2 while hd600 still playing, the sound leakage from hd600 and every other noise from the outside world is suddenly blocked. And when I put on my hd600 while ER2 playing. I can even hear the sound leakage from ER2 on my desk clearly.In summary, the new 2019 version of HD600 is definitely worth buying. It is very relaxing both comfort-wise and sound-wise."
"I had high hopes for these headphones.  My understanding is that they're legendary.. but they just didn't do it for me.  I did feel there was maybe a bit more clarity and separation in some instruments then other phones I've used.. but  I was really trying to understand what the big deal was.  IDK.. I'm not going to buy a 1k amp to get whatever out of these that I'm supposed to.. so I guess they're not for me."
"Love these--nice open sound and you don't need a lot to drive them. I would give them 5 stars but that means perfection, and even their elder brother the 800S isn't perfect."
"It is great to own a piece of the legendary HD 600, the sound quality is  amazing  just like most of the Sennheiser openbacks . If this was my first set of Sennheiser I would said “wow, I love it ! ” however  I had been using the HD 660s for a few years now and when comparing both headphones , the HD 600 sounded more narrow and dark  but not always a bad thing , I also found the HD 600 is a little bit harder to drive and not always able to get the sound I wanted .  If I have to pick , I would choose the HD 660s over the HD 600 since it’s more well rounded. A little dispointed how the HD 600 came , Sennheiser no longer ship them with a storage case , just a thin paper box..Still the HD 600 is still a good headphone"
"I've had these for a long time now, realized I never wrote a review.Simply put, these are the best headphones I've ever used in my entire life.They're open-back, so not for use outside of home. But the listening environment they provide is superb. It's hard to describe, but it's a much more natural listening environment. A plus in my mind is that I can still hear what is going on around me. So if someone is calling me, I can still hear them (assuming the music isn't too loud).The sound quality is unmatched. Everything is clear as day, and you can hear every subtlety in your media.I say media because I use these both for gaming and music listening, as well as some sound recording.The accuracy is on a different level. The one thing that always amazes me is how spatial the sound can be. If you game, these headphones will have no issues telling you where sounds are coming from. Back, front, up, down. Assuming the games actually support that kind of sound.They are capable of being loud as hell, assuming you can drive them correctly. They can be used with a media player, but they are specifically designed to be driven with an amp. I use a desktop amp, and they can get incredibly loud with absolutely no distortion whatsoever.Bass response is not something you should be looking at these for. If you want your eardrums rattled, look for something else. These are true studio headphones, so they're mission is accuracy, not bass response.They're also super comfortable. I can wear these for extended periods of time with no real issues. The ear cups are large, so I'd expect anybody to be able to wear these. But they truly do wrap around your ears.Cable is also incredibly long. I'm able to get up and move around my desk with the headphones on the whole time. Plenty of cord length.Sturdy headphones too, I've wacked them plenty of times, dropped them plenty of times. The band is metal, so where I've dropped headphones and had one of the speakers snap at the joint, these boys eat it and question why you are such a clutz.They are just the best ever. I've used many headphones, and nothing ever compares."
"Edit Oct. 2021: Bought a brand new pair with the much more sophisticated design. Purchased from Ebay seller, and they came in the super duper cheap box they have going now. Many will recall the originals came in a hard case with foam that gave them some prestige.Some reviews have called the new line out as not being as sturdy. Maybe that was an old production run. The ones I have are premium, feel much nicer than my older pair, and comparing sweeps in both ears are also more accurate and matched better. All things considered, these are the gold standard at this price range. The 650 vs 600 argument is done to death, but in the end it's much easier to EQ down in treble than it is to EQ out a midbass hump and boost treble that is not properly there in the first place.I usually EQ higher treble down a bit on most headphones. Even going natural the 600s are amazing. Fully balanced. And now with a super deluxe finish that they have deserved for years. Yes, the packaging is cheaper. Too cheap IMO, but I had no damage and no major issues with my pair. Sennheiser has made the 600s into a mini-tentpole headphone for the next couple decades at least.These look superb, and in hand they feel better than tawdry, faux-marble design of the last pair. Smoother. No creakiness either. No longer do these look like chintzy 80s headphones. They look like superior cans from a modern age. They still have the red cord wrap on the left side to distinguish them from the 650s. Otherwise, they are much the same as the old pair outside the new bezel and headband, which are absolutely worth updating if yours are super old.Throughout the midrange and treble I find them nearly unmatched in the 200-500 dollar range. The sound of the instruments is natural and immersive. The design is very comfortable for me barring the first few days of getting the headband to mold to your head. I have a larger head and no issues.I think the sound is great for all genres. Some may want a different type of sound from certain genres and should look at various in-depth reviews to make their decision, such as those at inner fidelity and other audio sites.I feel the bass and balance in these remains great, especially on a nicely matched pair. Some people may want more bass, and they should look around to find the various comparisons on different sets. As far as having a neutral and beautiful set of cans for most material, it's nearly impossible to beat these in the 200-500 dollar range. Highly recommended on every level. Essential for audio enthusiasts, but do remember they are 300 ohm headphones and require extra power to sound their best."
"So I've been in the headphone audiophile game for some years now and have experience with various tube and solid state amps. For comparison, I own(ed) Audeze LCD-X, Senn HD800S, Senn 660S, Hifiman Arya's,  Focal Clear, DT1990, DT1770, and a bunch of cans under $250 mark.Having the 660S really deterred me from grabbing these HD600 but knowing that these are the OG legends, I felt that I can't call myself a true listener without at least trying these. Welp... they're worth every penny and more. These will likely be my daily drivers because I can listen to these for hours without any issues. Fit, sound signature, comfort, treble, bass, mids, overall EQ, stage, imaging, just EVERYTHING is a perfect melding that creates this intimate experience with the music. I've truly been missing out..I love them and will tell you that if you're getting your first sennheiser set, or adding to your inventory, these are a MUST have."
"This will be my second review of these headphones.  I am by no means an "audiophile".  I am your average user looking to find a more immersive gaming experience.  Everything I said with regard to sound quality, sound stage and imaging will remain the same.  I wanted to spend at least 100 hours listening to these headphones before really giving it a solid review.  My original rating still stands as these sound absolutely amazing.  I did not understand what that meant until I was able to compare them against several other headphones (Fostex T50RP MKIII Stock and modded) and my Audiotechnica ad700x.  The main use would be strictly for gaming however I do listen to music on my PC as well.Sound QualityClear,neutral with slightly veiled sound.  I remember reading these were very analytical but I like using the term surgical when it comes to being able to pick out details in the music and in game sound.  Every little sound from chopping trees down to the pitter patter of distant footsteps are clearly delineated from all of the other in game sounds.  Overall I enjoy the sound of the HD600.  The mids and highs strike a perfect balance to my ears with the lows being non existent due to the open back nature of these headphones.  You will want to use these in a quiet space since sound from your surroundings will bleed in to you listening experience.  Make sure to pair these with a solid Amp/DAC combo .  I currently use the Mayflower Arc and they power these cans with ease.ComfortThe clamping force of these cans are very nice and snug.  I enjoy headphones that give a slight squeeze to my head and will not move if I tilt my head down.  If you enjoy a fairly tight feel on your head than these are a great pair of cans.  The ear pads are huge and can fit a fair amount of different sized ears with ease.  They are a breathable velour material that actually stay nice and cool at least for me considering 6-8 hour gaming sessions.  Overall the comfort in my opinion is amazing.Build QualitySeeing how it is made of plastic, one would think it would look and feel cheap however that is not the case with the HD600's.  The material feels extremely durable and the build quality is high.OverallMy overall verdict after 100+ hours of use is definitely a must buy especially if you are starting to venture off into the world of good sound.  These are likely better for those who enjoy listening to music at their desk and not for gaming but, I love these headphones for my gaming."
"I'm a huge audio enthusiast so I'm always chasing the next thing in quality. I went from Audio technica m-50 to sennheiser hd 25-1 ii. Each purchase gave me a sense of enjoyment but also a sense of need to move a step up. For some reason every time I purchase headphones I'm blown away by the sound but also not completely satisfied. It wasn't until I purchased some really nice speakers that I understood that I like the fullness of speakers and the actual way our ears perceive sound.Now these things still don't reproduce the low ends that are capable on speakers that you can feel all over your body but these are legendary in detail retrieval. After owning everything under the sun I can say that these keep me satisfied with having just the next level of detail retrieval over other headphones. The m50 and sennheiser hd25 just seem to be missing something to my ears even when they sound amazing. The soundstage and imaging just cannot compete with speakers.With that said, I do feel that these do a better job that the other two that I own. I feel as if they are another level above my headphones. My speakers aren't so clear on detail retrieval. The imaging may not be as great as the speakers but the sense of detail retrieval makes me feel as if I can see the drummer in front of me tapping the hi hats into rhythm. Sure it may be a simulation as most music is digital now a days but the fact is these things shine where others dont. Speakers, or headphone you will be hard pressed to find something that can bring out this level of clarity in music.Im a very analytical person and I love to hear every little detail in my music. Sometimes these headphones do a little too much and make the music enjoyable because I am so distracted with all the different elements going on. Some people may or may not like this. If you purchase these you will know what I mean. Every recording you have ever heard on the radio a million times you should revisit just for fun. Youll be surprise how intricate the production was done. These things WILL bring out all the little details.Also don't use cheap source. You can really hear the level of quality in your audio files from mp3 to wav. If you love music and you want to hear it in a completely different way that you have heard before get these.I also want to note that these are very nuetral and detailed headphones. I do music production and I love this quality in my headphones. It may not be for everyone however if you don't enjoy having your music presented in such a manner."
"I'm not a total audiophile, whatever makes someone an audiophile.  I don't have a lot of money to throw at products, to figure out what sounds best to my ears.  My first kind of pricey headphone purchase was a set of Grado 325s.  I thought, and still think, they sound swell and I enjoy the soundstage but they sound so tinny with ear-piercing highs.  And no, they are not comfortable at all, becoming fatiguing to both inner and outer ear at around an hour or so.  After reading some super reviews I purchased the Audio Technica ATH-M50x (yes, the super-cool blue and copper colored ones).  After some burn-in time I was thinking that these are on the complete opposite side of the spectrum, with lows coming in at around 45% of the sound coming through, mids at 20%, and highs at 35%.  A little too bass-y for my taste, though overall more pleasing to my ears in all ways than my Grado 325s.  What I found missing was the soundstage of the Grados as the M50x is a closed-back headphone.  Indeed, the ATs actually seemed to sound best, oddly enough, with my iPhone 6S Plus driving it.  Additionally, I have a crappy pair or Bose bluetooth headphones and in-ears, Shure SE215s, and RHA t20i's (the RHAs slightly besting the Shures) but I mention this solely so whomever reads this can see where I'm coming from listening-wise.So for my set up I have a 2015 MacBook Pro pushing sound through a HiFiMan EF2A tube amp/DAC, connected via USB. In addition I have a Dragonfly v.3 DAC, but I am not utilizing it at this time, as the Sennheiser require an amp, while the other headphones I listed (to my ears anyway) seem not to.  The music I am listening to...The Beatles "Abbey Road" and Pink Floyd "Wish You Were Here" on CD, and also FLAC files of Bjork "Biophilia" and The Lumineers album of the same name.  I have also listened to numerous recordings from my iTunes account at 256 kbps (go ahead and sneer, audiophiles...my HD album collection is just beginning), Lana Del Rey's "Honeymoon" and Metallica's black album, for example.  The Senns handled everything I threw at them beautifully, without sounding muddy or exhaustingly high-pitched.  I can tell some difference between the higher and lower-quality recordings, but the HD 600s make even the lower-quality recordings sound better than my other headsets.  The Sennheisers strike the perfect balance of tonality for me, and have an amazing soundstage.  I can't say how they sound compared to other headphones costing much more, but I personally feel I have finally found the headphones that I can be happy with (they're even comfortable!) and will not be searching any longer."
"I write music as a job and I had some headphones that are nice for listening but absolutely trash for writing. I purchased these and my music was loved by my client afterwards. They truly expose everything to your ears so that when you make it sound good here, it sounds good in most other devices. I have NO idea why I had to review noise cancellation too... these headphones have no noise cancellation at all, nor do they claim to have it. But if you write music, pick these up with a headphone amp and make magic."
"There have been so many reviews of these, I have little to add to their established legendary status & reputation.I have owned both the pre-2020 revision which were made in Ireland and had the speckled marble plastic mold. The new silent post-2020 revision, which are these, are just as excellent, though they are missing the fancy storage box.I was under the impression that this new silent revision was made in China, but to my pleasant surprise, I was apparently mistaken as the box says they are made in Ireland. Thank you Sennheiser for keeping your integrity even though things changed hands a little bit here.You will need an amp to get the full potential performance out of these headphones.Everyone is well aware of the pros and cons of these headphones and I can confirm both the pros and cons in my personal experience. As for the cons, there aren't any real complaints here. I don't feel like I'm missing out on anything, though I would like more low end sub-basd because it does roll off just a little bit to notice.If you are a bass-head, you need to look somewhere else. If you enjoy and appreciate full balanced rich neutral oriented sound, then these are it.Even though they may not have subwoofer level bass, it still produces deep and rich full range neutral leaning sound.I suggest looking at crinacle's website and youtube to see how they rank on his detailed and highly extensive tier list. He ranks these as Tier A while having a 2 star value rating. Both of those ratings together put these headphones with the top performers of any price range. They only way you're going to get anything significantly higher than these are if you start reaching the thousands of dollars just for the headphones.I suggest pairing these headphones with an Amp and DAC from Schiit audio. You can use whatever amp you want though, just make sure you use one because it needs it for higher volume and peak performance.Overall, these are currently my very top favorite headphone and have been my main choice since 2015 when I first experienced them first hand.If you are looking for a smoking deal for almost the same type of headphones, there is the massdrop HD 6XX for about $180-200. Those are Tier S in value and the same tier of performance as the HD 600's.The 6XX are supposed to be the balance between the HD 650/600.Others say the 6XX are the same as the 650, they are wrong, I repeat, they are the balance between the other two.The HD 600 will always have a place on my head.Highest of recommendations Tier A Performance and Tier B value."
"First thing I feel the need to clarify, these fit. My head has a 63cm circumference. These headphones fit even without bending the metal as some might advise(which I highly recommend NOT doing). They're extremely comfortable and definitely worth buying even just for comfort reasons.The sound is out of this world. I doubt you'd be able to find headphones in the same price range that will have singers sounding as if they're using your face as the microphone. It's an unreal experience and all people deserve to experience it. The bass is clear and solid too.People complain about a veil and soundstage, but tbh it's something no one would notice unless they are comparing headphones and it's their job to clarify the differences. I play video games, and I have a pair of AKG K712Pros. AKG is notorious for its soundstage being massive. When playing Valorant and any other game where I care about enemy positioning I find the HD600 will always give better direction. Not that the AKG isn't clearly larger sounding, but because the HD600 headphones sound is inside your head. The sounds feel closer and you can pick out directions much easier than if they were much farther away. But even then I still feel a much closer realism to sound even when listening to songs meant to sound larger such as orchestras because the clarity is so much better. I would always pick the HD600 over my K712Pro no matter the sensation I'm looking for.TL;DR - Fit's a 63cm head comfortably and audio clarity sounds like you're getting a live performance in your room."
"These headphones were a major improvement over my last array of subpar headphones. The HD600's are extremely detailed and feel much more "open" than my other closed back headphones. I am using this with the Fiio BTR-5 at the moment, it sounds great out of it despite not being directly supported by the product. I am planning on getting a more suited piece of equipment for the HD600's (amp/dac) at some point. But the HD600's already sounds great out of the fiio Btr5. If you don't listen to super bassy music, and you want to get more out of your music, I would highly recommend the HD600's, with the right AMP/DAC of course. These headphones make music just sound "cleaner", there is more detail and it sounds like the music has been deeply cleaned in a sense. It's like when you clean a dirty piece of glass that was kind of hard to see through and once you cleaned it you could see so clearly through it."
"Upgrade from a pair of Audio Technica M40xs. While the difference isn't as pronounced as I thought it would be they definitely have a better sound."
"i have been an electronic music fanatic for many many years. techno, house, tech house, progressive house, deep house, etc. i have been producing music for about 3 years. i really wanted a very nice pair of headphones for checking my mixes on as well as for listening to music on without throwing off my ears. my studio monitors are the event opals. i am very picky about my sound. i did tons of research and found a bunch of open and closed back candidates in my price range (up to $500). these were the sennheiser hd600, sennheiser hd650, sennheiser hd25 ii, akg k701, grado sr325is, denon ahd2000, ultrasone pro750, beyerdynamic dt770 and dt7880. i was able to obtain all of them and spent about an hour with each one. without going into tons of detail, i found the hd600's to be by far the best headphones in the group, as well as the best headphones i have ever heard. the 650's are nice too but i found the bass to be mushy (they have more bass - directed to the average person that likes more bass, not the audio engineer). in 2nd place were the denon ahd2000, which sounded great, especially for closed headphones. up next were the hd25's, although i think they would be much better for dj'ing. their sound was much more aggressive and up front. i am completely in love with the hd600's and all i can say is that i HIGHLY recommend them. i finally found a pair of phones i really love! absolutely phenomenal.PS i would recommend upgrading the cable to the one that the 650's come with. thicker and better quality cable. it's here on amazon: [...]best of luck!EDIT: i also just want to add that getting a proper headphone amp for these is truly vital. they are 300 ohm headphones which is very high impedance so having a discrete amp to power them is of the utmost importance or you really are wasting your money. some cheap options are the Fiio E7 + E9 combo for just under $200. don't get just the E7.. you really cannot hear the difference. if you have a little more cash then the Nuforce Icon HD is $350. to put it in perspective, a pair of HD600's with one of these amps will sound far better than the $1500 HD800's with no amp (they are 600 ohms). it makes a huge difference! oh and it has been months since i initially wrote this review and i am still in love with these headphones. i have used them for working on my music while at home and listening to electronic music, classic rock, classical, and all kinds of videos, etc on the internet. they are incredible! BUY THEM NOW!check out my studio here... you can see a pic of them! [...]"
"Best sounding headphones I have ever held. They don't have noise cancelling. So I wouldn't use them on a flight. I'd recommend them to somebody who loves music and wants to hear each instrument individually. They are by far the best headphones for experiencing music and I don't believe I could return to my old pair."
"These are terrific headphones. Very clean and highly detailed sound with a pretty good soundstage and presence. No coloring that I could detect at any range. Open back design is very light and comfortable.There is a little pressure on the stems of my glasses but not a major problem. Overall , these outperform my Bose QC35 phones in every way and are less expensive to boot. While these are not wireless, they still sound better than the QC35 in wired mode.It's really hard to find anything negative to say for these. They are just a solid great sounding headphone."
"I have owned Sennheiser's HD555s since 2006. So after 5 years I decided I wanted a bit of an upgrade. By the way - as a sidenote - if you're buying your first pair of "good" headphones I would HIGHLY recommend the 555s (although I believe they've been recently replaced by the 558). It's a very good upgrade from cheap headphones and it certainly won't break the bank.As for the 600s: I made the plunge and spent what I consider to be an outrageous amount of money on sound (I also purchased the FiiO E9). Overall I spent around $500 on this. Was it worth it? I'm not sure - but I certainly love the sound I get out of this setup. It's interesting though: I didn't really appreciate the sound at first (even after burn in) and I was frustrated that I had spent so much money on the equipment. But when I tried using my HD555s again they sounded TERRIBLE. And that's saying something because the 555s were headphones that had treated me very well for five years. The analogy I'd make is similar to the switch from VHS to DVD. When I watched my first DVD 11 years ago I didn't really see what all the fuss was about. I didn't really see the difference...call me blind I guess. But after watching a bunch of DVDs, switching back to VHS to watch a movie made the difference much more apparent. THEN I started to appreciate the DVD quality.If you have money to spend and have already had HD555-tier headphones for a while then I'd say that you should get these. They sound a lot better than the 555s. However, make sure you have decent quality music or they will exaggerate the "bad" in the quality. I had to get new versions of a few songs because of this. Most of my music is 200-300kbps and it sounds fine. I don't claim to have super-hearing so I never bothered to get straight 320kbps MP3s or FLAC files. The 250kbps sounds just fine for me.You should be aware that these headphones leak WAY more sound than the 555s. It's a bit frustrating (I'm in a college environment) but it's okay. All my friends make fun of me for it ("WHY DO YOU HAVE HEADPHONES INSTEAD OF SPEAKERS IF THEY'RE BOTH LOUD?!?" haha). It's alright though.Finally, make sure you get an amp. I like the E9 but have nothing to compare it to.Comfort: 8/10 (very comfortable but they're significantly tighter than the HD555 if you've ever tried that one)Sound quality: 10/10 (as reference, I'd say the 555s are a 6/10)Bang for buck: 7/10 (they're damn expensive, and there's no getting around that)"
"Overall a solid set of reference headphones. Extremely comfortable to wear, even over long periods of time, and fairly lightweight. Good dynamic sound and excellent base response.Just to be clear, these headphones absolutely *do not* provide noise cancellation. They are open-ear as part of their design for dynamic range. I'm not sure why Amazon even included a rating scale for that on these headphones (it's like asking for a pressure rating on a screen door) but this has been rated as appropriate.Now bear in mind, there are some factors to your listening enjoyment:- The media being played. Bitrate and compression are your metrics here. If you're listening to something low bitrate or compressed to hell and back, it doesn't matter what headphones you're using. The source recording also matters; bands may re-record for new releases and differences in equipment can affect quality.- Your source and amplification. If you have a source that can function without an amplifier of some kind then you can use these standalone. You may want to consider dropping a little extra on headphone amplifiers (e.g. an inline or a receiver) so you can reduce the source volume and rely on the amp for volume control. Not doing this can result in hiss or other audio issues.- Your cabling and how it's routed. At it's core, every cable is an antenna. Your will be picking up EMI from anything carrying electricity, be that your in-home electrics to the equipment you're connecting to. Most audio cables on the market will be shielded (barring some that forego this, opting to instead coat the cable in resin or braided fibers) cable quality varies. If you're having audio issues, don't discount the cables being used.Overall this is exactly what I had been looking for with a decent set of reference headphones. At their price point, the HD 600 is hard to beat."
"I have used this item for one year . Here is my thought.Together with my SMSL SP200, it can push most of high quality sound file. But my mainly use of the headphone is for stream, especially for japanese anime. This light job doesn't request so much power but needs versatility. I say HD600 can offer most details and present them in a stage-like way. that is said, not that plant, but I will like this masking can call it good-layering. Even though it's not as boring as other “high fidelity” headphons, it somehow stops before it can really touch my "point". Yes, that orgasm-like feeling is what I'm for. HD600 is really close but I always feel something is lacking there.Above all, this headphone is good for the door-enter level of HIFI. It's a journey and you will have the urge to try next device. but this beginner will always sit in your arsenal."
"I've had my Sennheiser HD600 headphones for 20 years [Amazon, Feb. 2002]. They have outlived 3 desktop headphone amps and every other piece of electronics I have ever owned (except my beloved Sota turntable).To be honest, early on I added aftermarket cable [Stefan Audioart SE], so my affection for these phones is certainly biased. All the praise for these is true, so I won't get repetitious.I currently substituted an entry level balanced cable [NewFantasia, Amazon, $48] to experiment using these headphones in a MacBook Pro/Fiio q1II combination with sparkling results. There is more than enough headroom to drive this 300ohm beast at safely loud levels.Saving up for "real" (& expensive) audiophile balanced cable.Just looked the phones over and no dents or scratches, even after all this time/use [YMMV].Finally, you might just want to be buried/cremated wearing these...PS _Don't be a jerk like I was and loose some of your hearing playing these at very high volume - they can take it, your ears can't."
"I'm a beginner to the whole audiophile scene, so not knowing much, I asked around and people wouldn't stop recommending these and I must say they do sound flippin' amazing.They're classified as Neutral. Which means it isn't bass heavy, so if you're looking for that keep looking. I heard the HE-400i/AKG is a good alternative to these and on par. (Again, just what I've read/heard)YOU WILL NEED AN AMP TO RUN THESE. Search the Objective2+ODAC combo by JDS Labs. Or you can use the Fiio/ Schiit Stack/whatever, (I don't know) to run them. It's up to you to research a bit and find out. I bought the O2+ODAC because it was recommended, it's small as can be (Like literally 3x4x4 inches, like an index card worth an entire paycheck), and you can get an engraving! Warning: It's expensive.Pro's:+Really light weight and comfy to wear. I wore these for like two hours straight and almost forgot I was wearing them. Seriously, my brain was like "Bruh, this is some good music, but where's it coming from?" and I legitimately looked around before realizing I was an idiot.+Long cord, first for me and I'm used to being tethered by a 1-2ft radius to my PC. Laid down on my bed while not thinking and then panicked thinking that I had dragged the PC/Why hasn't my head been yanked back yet? Was wonderful not having to fear that anymore.+Came extremely well packaged. Comes in a custom box lined with black Styrofoam on both sides outlining the shape of the headphones.+Sounds really clear and loud (depending on your amp).+Great everything, listened to a dubstep song and was actually surprised by how 'punchy' the bass was. Decent. Listened to some orchestra and piano, and I could...It's hard to describe, I could hear the "distance" of each instrument and individually pick out what each person was playing if I focused on them.  For gaming: Whoa, I can hear their footsteps and if they're behind the wall or above me. It's weird adding that immersion and many times someone's called BS on me for seeming to "Wallhack" even though I could hear them getting ready to run around the corner.Info: Comes with a 1/4 inch plug that can be taken off. It literally slides off and viola, there's the 3.5mm plug underneath it.Con's:-Expensive. Especially for a new person who had no idea these things could cost that much, was shocking.-Need an Amp, which may or may not cost you the same as the freaking headphones."
"I had a used HD600 what I gave to a friend. I have a HD650 what I purchased here on Amazon brand new last year and I have my HD800S headphone what I got for 1100 dollars barely used. I love my HD800S headphone sounds beautiful with tube amplifier, I listen classical music and Soundtracks with it. I love my HD650 also ,i use it for movies and for pop music 70s and 80s music ect. I missed the HD600 what I gave to my friend and I told my friend I just have to have the HD600. I decided I get it here on Amazon brand new I did not want a used one. Because of brand new , I can smell the HD600. Some people complained about the 600 has bad smell. Great headphone with bad smell.  I might be strange but I was glad for the new smell. BTW the smell different than the brand new HD650.  That smell goes away in time also the tightness of the clamp. My HD650 got loser just right and the HD800S did not change a bit. Stays the same. Yes , I am one of the HD800S owner who wanted beside my HD800S the HD600 and the HD650 also.  HD650 has that Sennheiser Vail what people mentioned. Actually I love it because certain recordings needed it to smooth the sound out. If a recording studio used not the best microphone and for example a singer has bad voice.  The HD800S brings it out and I can't handle it and I have to take the headphone off. Very unforgiving headphone that for sure. That why I listen well recorded classical music and Soundtracks only. I never heard the HD800 , the silver original one. I can imagine with the 6.3Khz treble spike can make those recordings even more harsh.  The HD800S does not have that treble spike but for pop music and other type of music definitely needed the HD600 ,so I am one of the HD800S owner who wanted back my HD600. Because I have my HD600 again , I use the HD650 for movies when I don't want to use my Bowers&Wilkins speakers. I use the B&W speakers for movies now because just can't keep up with the HD800S detailed sound.Who ask the HD650 good headphone? My answer is yes.  I love the HD650 and I love the HD600.  Had to have both beside the Flagship HD800S"
"Sound is just fine, and they're light.  Very open, and suited to long wearing - but almost every part of this thing feels like it will break in your hands.  The headband is definitely of concern, particularly the lateral tilt on the cups.  Compared to something like DT 990s that feel like a tank, these feel like there's A LOT more plastic.  It does make them light which is nice and the sound is fine, but I just wonder if they'll hold up."
"Updated my old HD280s. These are remarkable! Comfortable, clear flat sound but great bass response.Only issue is they are open back obviously, which means I can’t record with a microphone as there is bleed. But can use my old ones still in that case."
"Now that it is nearly standard to find these headphones at a sub-350 dollar price point it's important to note the excellent value and nearly unbeatable performance within this price range.I'm a skeptic about burn-in, as it's been scientifically proven that the measurements really don't change much at all over time, it's more about how you've adjusted to the tuning of the headphones over time. Regardless, these sound clean, crisp and beautiful right out of the box. Very slightly on the warm side with practically perfect mids that don't shout and stay remarkably clean, the highs are smooth but certainly not rolled off, the extension and detail are both excellent and are a very welcome aspect of the tuning if you're not a fan of "bright" or overly accentuated treble in headphones.So...this brings us to the bass, and the bass is an important topic when it comes to the HD600 because it has become polarizing and has even been considered a weakness of the headphone. For starters, the sub bass is a bit on the weak side, by no means empty or thin, but it definitely does take a back seat to the mid bass, which is extremely well extended and detailed. From this aspect of the sound we can assume that sennheiser has really attempted a more neutral approach to the bass response.The result is bass that is tight and very accurate without being boomy or overbearing, however it is present and accounted for. I would recommend trying them if at all possible before purchasing to find out if it's suits your listening preferences.As far as comfort is concerned they're absolutely a headphone you could wear all day without any problems, lots of space within the ear cups themselves and very comfortable and thick velour padding on both the headband and the ear pads.In short, for a now 300-350 dollar headphone it would be nearly impossible to find a better buy or value than the HD600, especially considering the build quality and removable cables which can ensure years of listening and use as your daily driver. However, if you plan on using these as your PC/Desktop headphones, I would without a doubt recommend a dedicated amp/DAC combo. I use an objective2 + ODAC combo to drive these cans, which are 300 ohms, but the result is an absolutely stunning and clean performance throughout any video or song."
"The best headphones for the price. Try these out, they’ll blow you away."
"I am not an audiophile, but own a lot of music and I have done a lot of listening. Recently I went on the quest for the perfect headphone to plug into my computer while I’m working at home, or web surfing.I first purchased a pair of Sennheiser HD 598 Cs on a black Friday sale, as an impulse purchase. I still own them and think they are an amazing value for a closed headphone design, but once I understood the advantages of an open back design I started looking for another pair. I tried Beyerdynamic DT-990 and the Philips X2’s. Both are very nice headphones. The Beyerdynamic’s were very “Hot” = terrible heavy. The Phillips had good bass, but like the DT-990’s they lacked the mid-range clarity, which I felt was still better on my 598’s.The Sennheiser HD600’s have been everything I hoped for from a sound quality standpoint. They have a beautiful open sound stage with wonderful balance and clarity throughout the tonal range. The mid-range reproduction really allows me to savor my favorite vocal performances. The bass is I believe as it should be, but may not be to some tastes that are used to devices that deliver lots of artificial bass boasting.How the headphones look wasn’t important to me and that’s good because the blue plastic material they are made of seems to be a design left over from the 1990’s when these were first produced. They are fairly comfortable, but they do need to be stretched out, as out of the box they clamp your head a little too much.The HD600’s have 300 Ohm impedance, which means they might not play very load with your mobile device; although they play at a very comfortable max volume on my iPhone 6 on most tracks. I wouldn’t want to play them much loader and because of the sound leakage with the open back design I would never take them out of the house anyway. On my home computer I use a Behringer HA400 Micro-Amp, which works great with the HD600’s and I can leave my HD598’s plugged in, as well as two other pairs of headphones. ….. But, since I got the HD600’s I haven’t been doing much switching back and forth. :-)"
"From the moment I put these on I was in love with the sound!  I am a budding audiophile so I will admit that I have not had a chance to audition these next to the HD 650s, Grados or any of the other super-high-end cans that people often compare these to – so I cannot offer any guidance as far as how these may be better or worse than any of those.What I can say is that compared to my Bose AE2 headphones, my Shure earbuds or the stock Apple headphones the soundstage on these is amazing.  The first thing I noticed when I put these on is that music had a warmer sound and I felt more like I was sitting in a room filled with music rather than just like my head was filled with music).  I have a feeling that the open back design really makes a difference because it does not reflect the sound waves coming off the back of the cones off the back and into the ear.  It does not have the punchy bass of the Bose headphones - so I will admit that music that is meant to be bass heavy will not get the boost from these that classic rock and piano and guitar jazz do.  I have found these headphones to be very comfortable.  They have a heft that suggests they are well made and durable but they still feel like on your head and the pressure and padding are just right.  Also, and maybe this is also due to the open back design, my ears don't feel as warm after several hours of continuous wear.As for my equipment I am hooking these up to a 2012 iMac using B&W MM-1's as my DAC/Amp and playing music from iTunes.  The source material is a mix of Apple Lossless and high nitrate AAC and MP3 files. -- I should point out these are 300Ohm cans so they do take more power to run.  I have to turn the volume up a lot more on the MM-1s and in iTunes than I would ever do to wear the Bose AE2's comfortably!I will test them out on my Yamaha receiver shortly thanks to the included 1/8->1/4 adapter that is included."
"I have tried many of Sennheiser's audiophile class headphones, and the HD600 is my favorite overall. It just strikes the right balance across the board. While more expensive offerings like the HD800S resolve more detail and have a wider soundstage (more akin to speakers), I find it can be fatiguing to listen to for long periods of time. The more intimate soundstage of the HD600 provides for an easier listen. In other words, if I want to really analyze the music I'll grab my 800S but if I just want to enjoy it then the HD600 are my go to.HD650 is the closest to the HD600, albeit with a slightly more laid back sound signature. HD600 is more neutral which measurements also show. Some may prefer the HD650, it's largely down to personal preference - but I believe the HD600 is the more accurate of the two.And I want to say, if your budget only allows for the 600 I don't think you are missing out on much from not getting the higher end Senn's. Headphones like the HD800 are obviously better than it but have some drawbacks, you may end up preferring the sound signature of the HD600. So for the money, these headphones (currently on sale for $300ish on Amazon) are really an incredible value."
"These are high-quality headphones for professional, audiophiles.  I definitely recommend them to any music lover that wants to hear their music with more details. With these headphones, I have heard background noises that I’ve never heard before in songs."
"I don't know what it is about Sennheiser but they never add enough high end for my taste. The 280 Pro are the only ones I've heard that had a decent amount. HD 200, 599, 600 and 560s DON'T. I guess audiophiles equalize them on the computer but to me they are boring headphones that sound like a T-shirt thrown over a speaker. If you want an immersive experience that will blow your doors off, get AKG 361 or 371. If you want a great amount of clarity that follows the Harman curve closely, get Shure 440 or 840. The 560s might have just good enough treble for me to keep but you know what I prefer over these $300 headphones? All of the above, in addition to any Superlux, Samson 850, Sony 7506, Beyer Dynamics 770, Philips 9500 and even Rockville M50 Pro. The Rockville, Samson and Superlux are $50 headphones if not less. Sennheisers are boring headphones people probably like because they can work, study or surf the net without being disturbed by music. Well as a musician, songwriter, producer and engineer myself, I want an immersive experience from music. Not everything turned into background music by Sennheiser. They make headphones for people who don't really like music that much. Or have to EQ them until they do sound good. Flat as hell. Most people prefer more of a V shape. I would recommend Shure 440 or AKG 361 over these. Like most Sennheisers, they are all mid-range and not enough treble or bass."
"I am simply amazed by the quality of these headphones. I have been an audiophile all my life and recently have been able to purchase higher end equipment for listening to music, editing videos, recording voice overs for videos. Simple and concise, if you're on somewhat of a budget for a high end listening experience, look no further and buy these.Sound: The quality is phenomenal. Vocals are clear and crisp, guitar strings really sound authentic, and the bass isn't overwhelming which I found pleasurable despite me always looking for strong bass in headphones. It really lets you appreciate the producers work, I am hearing things in the album "Views" by Drake that I have never heard before. Not in my Bose Home Theater System, not in my Astro A50 Gaming Headset, not even in my cars relatively expensive sound system. I don't want to get into specifics, I honestly don't know enough about technical terms to give "professional" feedback but I am sure you can find that in a review elsewhere or simply by Googling.Build Quality: I was a bit distraught, it felt and looked cheap at first glance but now I realize it really is built well. These are after all, headphones you will be using while at your desk or laptop, not walking around. I recommend a good sound card as well, I think this is a huge benefactor in unleashing the potential of these headphones. I am currently using my ASUS ROG SUPREME FX on-board soundcard for my motherboard and I can tell a huge difference between listening on my professional workstation and HP Spectre x360 laptop. Comfort is great too, they cup your ears perfectly, solid grip but not uncomfortable which is surprising given I have relatively large ears. The box was great product presentation as well, very fancy hinges and simple layout. Headphones, 1/4" adapter connected to the 3.5mm jack, that's it. Simplicity is brilliance.I am not used to writing reviews like this, however credit is due where credit is deserved and these headphones DEFINITELY deserve credit. I will be returning to Sennheiser for my future audio needs without a doubt!"
"As Sennheiser's past flagship headphone for many years, you can expect outstanding performance from this headphone. With a decent headphone amplifier, the HD600 is preferred by many over other headphones in higher price categories. These headphones were designed to have a flat sound signature and plays best with classical- and jazz-type music.Comfort: 9/10 (after adjusting clamping force)[http://www.head-fi.org/t/438898/hd650-hd600-hd580-comfortable-uncomfortable-or-fractured]  Velour pads are ridiculously soft and breathable, with the headband pads having the same story. The open design of the cup allows for good airflow which, combined with the pads, prevent discomfort caused by heat. The clamping force at first may be a bit overwhelming, but over time it goes down, and can also be adjusted using a flexing technique.Build Quality: 7/10 with stock cable, 9/10 with HD650 cable or other upgrade.  You may be intimidated with the high amount of plastic used, but the plastic is very strong and can withstand a lot of punishment. The stock cable that comes with the HD600 is a bit thin, and over time the left channel gave out. I recommend getting the stock HD650 cable, as it is much thicker and resistant to wear. Taking apart the headphone for cleaning and maintenance is a breeze. You are able to get to and take out the driver within a matter of seconds. The pads come off with just a little pull effort, and snap right back into place.Sound: 8/10  As usual with Sennheiser, the mids are absolutely perfect. The highs are very clean and balanced with little distortion. However they eventually do roll off a bit, which leads to a lack of spaciousness that could be found in the higher-end lineup. Bass is there, only just a bare minimum, but it is tight and "proper". The biggest problem with the sound is that the sub has significant roll-off, which can be a turn-off for most electrical or hip-hop tracks. If that issue were fixed, it would make no sense looking any further for headphones at this price range. Again, I am not saying the sub is not there, it is just not too impressive."
"I want to say up front that I am not an audio enthusiast. I recently decided that whenever I bought something, I would buy something nice that will last instead of replacing cheap stuff all of the time.  I initially wanted something for games and knew that proper headphones were the way to go. I read all kinds of reviews and went with this older, but apparently timeless set.  I only have them plugged into my motherboard (Asus ROG Strix x570) until I get an amp...Holy crap I didn't know all the noises and sounds I was missing!  Then I tried some music, just Spotify streaming quality, and OMG I want to listen to everything I have heard again for the 1st time!  I can not wait until I get an amp for these.  Despite what people say though, I don't think I "need" and amp. I just want to see how far they go. The onboard audio gets plenty loud enough on this high end motherboard.  Last note.. do NOT  buy these if you are concerned about outside noise.  If you aren't listening to a loud section you can and will hear outside noise.  They are open backed, which believe it or not means OPEN back"
"Headphones are very comfortable; I wear them for long sessions with no discomfort.  Sound stage is close up front.  I paired with these headphones with a Creative Labs X3 DAC/Amp.  Running on Amazon music at24Hz 192Khz headphone gain set to high (150-600ohm, these are 300ohm impedance).  With this setup I am able to hear singers breathing in before making big notes.  These headphones are incredibly detailed and will actually change your taste in music.  If there is a glitch in the recording's sound engineering you will hear it.  I also use these headphones for gaming.  With the creative labs DSP and software you can also simulate 7.1 surround (no headphones support true surround sound, it's all simulated).  Considering the price, I paid these are really good headphones, to get better quality you would have to spend quite a bit more).  Keep in mind these are open-back headphones and other people will be able to hear some of the sound.  The open-back design allows the speakers to move more air, resulting in better sound the closed-back headphones. Overall really happy with these headphones."
"I'm not sure if the clamp on my head would get weaker as I use it but as of now, this thing hurts my head. I can't say anything about the sound quality cause I like it but that doesn't matter if I can't use it for long periods of time without my ears hurting and the top of my head too. I'm looking to see if there's any fixes right now to make it weaker but if there isn't then I'm afraid I would have to return it, which is something I rather not do cause I like my music. Next I wanna say that's it volume isn't too high, I bought a BTR5 which is a Bluetooth amp and it does play music higher than If I connected it to my phone, and I'm more than likely going to keep it even if I return this headphone cause in the end of the day I would have to buy a new one and still need an amp. Oh but my point is that it should come with a balanced cable, from my understanding it's something I need to make full use of this headphone, which is bogus cause its not included so that means just to use this headphone you need $400 + amp(price varies ofc) + balanced cable which is $30-$50 which is insanity. I thought about going for a 6xx since it's $200 and it's supposed to be a bit more comfortable but then I still need a balanced cable. Anyways there's my rant"
"I do a lot of recording. I'm always on the look out for ways to check my tone and verify what I'm doing. In the studio I have a very nice pair of Meyer HD-1 monitors along with four other sets of speakers for checking how my mix translates to other speakers.I have four sets of headphones that I check mixes with. ATM-50 is a favorite of mine when I'm tracking but when mixing the HD600 offer a more accurate view of the sonics. The HD600 are quite bright sounding which helps reveal shortcomings in recordings.I also have the HD650 which I find more pleasant for listening to music, they have lots of high frequency response but it's not as "pushed" as the HD600 seem to be.The HD600 are listed as 300 ohm headphones but I've not encountered any situation where they are not loud enough. My Soundcraft mixing console specs recommend headphones 200ohms and higher, the HD600 play very loud when connected to the console headphone amp output.I like these headphones a lot, the open air construction sounds smooth and open, much more so than with the ATM-50 which have a deeper and more punchy "rock" sort of sound. I like both of these models and they both have their place.Watch the price, when I bought my HD650 for around $312 the HD600 was priced at $379. A couple of weeks later the HD600 were down around $275, so their price fluctuates at times. $300 is about as much as I'd ever spend on a set of headphones regardless of how good their specifications.If I could only buy one set I think it would be the HD600 because I like the transparency in the high frequencies for recording applications.If I was just listening to CD's and music for fun I'd buy the HD650 because they're easier on your ears for long periods of listening. Both are excellent headphone systems and you can't lose with either choice.Good music to all!"
"These are by far the best headphones I've ever used, as well as the most expensive. I've been fairly dedicated to Sennheiser over the years (don't fix what isn't broken), and I'm yet to be disappointed. These cans have incredible depth and sound stage. I'm driving them off of a Schiit Asgard 2 connected to their Bifrost. High-quality audio and video is amazing, while even lower-end sounds are vastly improved. There isn't an incredible amount of low-end power behind these. I definitely wouldn't call it lacking by any means, but these aren't going to shake your skull when an explosion goes off. These are still very, very accurate headphones that clarify every sound coming through them. I use these primarily for gaming with other audio and HD video entertainment from time to time. In-game positioning is incredibly accurate, and you can make out every single sound from gunshots to footsteps to windows breaking across an entire map (such as T-spawn to sniper nest on Mirage in CSGO).I'm rather tall (6'4", 205lbs) and have a decently large head. The fit was a bit snug at first compared to my HD598s and PC360s. It took a bit longer to break in physically compared to those, but these are still very light and don't bother me for extended gaming sessions in the slightest. After a week of moderate usage I don't even notice them on my head. The padding on the headband and around the ears is soft yet firm.I can't necessarily compare these to other headphones in the same price range, as these are the most expensive cans I've purchased to date, but I can say they're a definite improvement over my HD598s. Maybe not twice the product for >twice the price you're paying, but things get exponentially more expensive as you start climbing the circumaural headphone ladder. I would absolutely recommend these for the price. Just be sure you have a very solid DAC and AMP powering these. They require a lot to properly drive, but they are definitely worth it."
"To be specific, lower tones in the right ear makes a very subtle static noise but very noticeable to me. I’ve never dropped these and kept them clean because of how expensive they are but the audio problem just randomly popped up after a month or so. I was hesitant on leaving a review because I wanted to get an entire feel for the headphones. I’ve read so many positive reviews thinking these headphones would be a good replacement for my Audio-technia ATH-M50Xs. Although the only way to get the “best” out of these headphones is buying a dac/amp (like the schiit Asgard for example).  The feel of the ear-pads and headband are very nice but the sound quality and bass are extremely quiet and lacking. I’ve used them on my electric piano, my computer and my phone and have had to turn up the volume way higher than I would the m50x’s. Given how hyped up these seemed hearing things like “really good mid range” “smooth” or “dynamic” is what lead me to buy these. However for the price, I’d highly recommend m50x’s over these."
"I bought these headphones to use with my Yamaha CSP-170 digital piano, which has extremely realistic piano sounds, including a Yamaha CFX concert grand piano and a Bӧsendorfer Imperial grand piano, among numerous other instruments, so I wanted headphones to do justice to this fantastic instrument. I compared them to the following headphones: Sennheiser HD 599, Beyerdynamic DT 880, Audio-Technica ATH-M50x, and Sony MDR-V600. To my ears, the sound and staging of the HD 600's is significantly superior to all of the other headphones I tested out. So, from a sound quality standpoint, these headphones definitely get 5 stars.However, they clamp onto your head with way too much force, and I get a headache after using them for 20 or 30 minutes. I frequently want to play for 2 or 3 hours at a stretch, so this is a real problem. I tried and tried and tried to contact Sennheiser customer support, and got absolutely no response. Their customer service is literally non-existent.I read some other gripes online about how hard these phones clamp, but I ended up keeping them (I couldn't resist the sound quality), so I cut a piece of wood (1" x 1.5" x 8-1/8") and carefully spread them open with it (being careful to angle the earcups away so they don't get damaged). (I first cut a piece that was 7" long, but it didn't make a difference in the clamping.) When I leave them overnight like this, they are more comfortable the next day. However, the steel band causing the clamping is quite sturdy, so I have to keep doing this. I haven't had the headphones long enough to know if I will eventually be able to stop doing it, but I'm happy to have found a work-around that mostly solves the problem, no thanks to Sennheiser."
"Headphones.  Whether the HD600 are the ones for you depends on why you're wearing them.  If you're wearing headphones because you want to immerse yourself into your music much more deeply and intimately than loud speakers are capable of; and if that music has a great deal of detail across the meaningful frequency spectrum; and aside from the sound quality, if comfort is a priority... THEN... you won't be disappointed.  The HD600 is a bonafide audiophile set.  They cannot be used in an isolated recording setting (being open back) These are strictly for high-end listening pleasure. If you are making music, these are NOT the headphones you are looking for.  But if you are all done with the recording, and now you just want to kick back and listen, then the HD 600 will not disappoint.  These are Sennheiser headphones though.  And if you have experience with Sennheiser, then you know they are designed for quality first, durability and longevity second. Like anything in the mid-to-high end, with high quality you sacrifice longevity.  Expect to get a good 3 years of full capability out of these.  Put another way.  Expect to spend some money every few years if music listening is your pleasure.Details:High end: slippery (if using a pre-amp, keep it just below nill to avoid sibilance distortion.), extreme detail will be available to those listening to analog playback (especially LP's) due to the fact that the ambient room sound of the recording session includes much more detail than digital recording (as of 2017) is able to capture.Midrange: spot onBass: These are headphones.  There's no such thing as bass. However, there is a quality called "punch" that is a stand-in for bass where headphones are concerned. In this, these pack it.In short:  These are as good as it gets -IF- if your reason for wanting headphones doesn't include recording. These are open back headphones intended for listening pleasure."
"You could argue this should be 5 stars for the price given the sound quality but it is not audiophile (it's near) level tech even according to Sennheiser and while the sound is exquisite the bass is lacking.For gaming:  This headset is excellent, the sounds you want accentuated are done so organically by the build rather than by a program.  It's as accurate for positional audio (footsteps, voices, shot direction) as anything I've tried on the market and gives you a heads up on the competition.  There is no virtual surround sound but that's fairly gimmicky as natural surround sound from the game itself gives you 360 deg of positional audio which is much more than 7.1 channels, and games that lack this don't sound notably better when the virtual surround sound tries to do it's best with less than enough data.  This combined with a modmic and you can't do better.For movies music and general listening:  The sound here again is hard to beat and it's really quite pleasant.  You'd be hard pressed to match this sound with speakers and most any other headset, though it does lack in bass.  It's a very enjoyable experience and you really wont be disappointed with this headset if you're willing to pass up on frills like on set volume control."
"Very natural open uncolored sound! One of the best if not the best headphones for $400 However there impedance is 300ohms so you need some power to really get the best out of them. I use a Burson Audio conductor v2plus with these. Also when you can afford it upgrade to a good aftermarket cable too. It will bring the headphones up to another level! I use the moon audio silver dragon with these and its a match made in heaven once you get past the long break in period. This cable costs more than the headphones themselves however, is overall a better sound than purchasing $800 headphones with the stock cable! Keep in mind you don’t have to spend that much on a cable that will give a good noticeable upgrade in sound. This is my second pair of hd600 headphones. My first pair lasted 23 years of hard use! I finally broke one of drivers while cleaning them and decided to let them go and get a new pair since they’re affordable as far as high quality headphones are concerned. I still have my $25 upgrade aftermarket cable from them too which is from another seller on amazon also. Believe it or not it’s a very worthy upgrade over the stock cable as far as sound and durability too. So if you buy these invest in a good aftermarket cable when you can. It will just make them sound even better!""
"The Sennhesier HD600s were my choice of reference-class headphones, and they have exceeded my expectations in almost all criteria. After producing music on low-tier monitors and headphones for the past several years, it was time to upgrade the cans. For a musician who’s in the studio for hours at a time, comfortable headphones with a flat, precise response are necessary. It’s a plus that, in my opinion, HD600s are gorgeous.Let’s start with the most important aspect: the sound. These sound gorgeous. For $300-$400, there is not a more neutral sounding headphone that I have found. The highs are present but not harsh, and the bass extends down to 15 Hz with only a slight hump in the low-mid range. The sub is not boosted, as many listeners might be accustomed to, but it still sounds full. Because of this neutrality, virtually every genre of music sonically works. The whole spectrum is balanced, with no specific range offending the ears. I’ve listened to classical, jazz, electronic, rap, rock, and more on these – I have yet to find a style of music that sounds unnatural.The appearance of the HD600s is somewhat polarizing. It has a granite, hard plastic finish with large, oval drivers. Some say that the HD600s look cheap or ugly. Before I owned them, I did worry about the plastic body myself. However, after unboxing and putting them on, those worries instantly dissipated. They are light but feel well built, and they are extremely comfortable. The pads do not touch my ears at all because they are so large, and the velour gives them room to breathe. Though their appearance is subjective, concerns about built quality and comfort can be ignored.The HD600s have a reputation for being the industry standard, and that is well founded. Be prepared to hear details in your favorite songs that you’ve never heard before. These headphones have renewed my passion for listening to music"
"Natural, forward imaging, clean bass. Best headphone at this price point. The mids and highs need some EQing."
"been a solid set of head phones. absolutely lovely sound that isn't weighted to one type of sound or another, solid feeling construction and super comfortable to wear.Pros:great sound quality, what was recorded is what you hearlength of included cord is quite long, great for when you move aroundgreat step of price from normal headphones into hobbyist grade qualityConsnot the best for loud environments, open back makes outside noise easier to hear, and turning up the volume may irritate anyone nearbycord admittedly feels a little cheap, superficial complaint but at the price a bit of sleeving would be appreciatedWhile a great price for starting out into high grade listening gear, if you just want to listen to audio you may be better off with less expensive sets.DO NOT BUY THESE IF YOU WANT "BUMP" these headphones have a very neutral tone, they don't cater to any one type of sound, if you want headphones that "bump" look for sets that have built in bass boosting, these only play what was recorded."
"I owned a pair of Sennheiser HD60s for many years, until they recently gave up the ghost. It has long been one of the top-rated headphones on the market, so I decided to purchase the model again, especially after reading all the positive reviews. I know many readers will consider this silly and inconsequential, but first, a couple of purely cosmetic issues that don't affect performance: 1) My previous HD60s, bothered to have small decals on each side, indicating "L" and "R," so you'd know which way the phones were wired. The "new" HD60s have dispensed with that nicety. 2) Even more bothersome, it that the logo SENNHEISER embossed on the headband is off center, skewed way to the right. Why? And who does this? It reminds me of that "Plan Ahead" cartoon where the last two letters are askew and falling off the edge of the page because someone didn't plan ahead. Having the logo offset to the right like it is, is just ugly and looks really cheap. Why wouldn't it be centered?As for the quality of the sound, I'd describe it as fair, but nothing special, and certainly not warranting the $300 cost. I listen exclusively to Classical music. The soundstage does not have good separation from left to right or good depth from front to back, so that it's not always easy to place where the instruments are coming from. And in heavily scored passages, there's insufficient headroom, so that the sonic image becomes congested and distorted. These phones are a sad comment on what Sennheiser's HD60 used to be. They look, feel, and sound cheap. They are being returned to Amazon."
"If you're after accurate sound reproduction, these may be for you.  They have an appropriate amount of bass and treble.  They are not "boomy" like some headphones; they are designed to be accurate for mixing.  I really enjoy them for casual listening.  They provide a very nice amount of detail.  You can always take a neutral sounding pair of headphones (like these) and add in some base with equalization or "warmth" with a tube preamp, but it would be difficult to make, for example, a "boomy" or "v-shaped sound signature" headphone sound neutral.  I think these are fantastic headphones.  I do recommend an amplifier with these headphones; they will not sound nearly as nice plugging them directly into a cellphone, for example, given their impedance.  Also, keep in mind these are open-back headphones, so others around you will hear the music and you will also pickup environmental sounds; the latter of which I prefer.The build uses a lot of plastic but is very good.  Once you break them in, they are comfortable (though I do find the HD 650 style headband padding a bit more comfortable than the "4-bump" padding used on the 600).  I was able to get these from amazon as the seller for $299, and I would recommend them highly at that price."
"I looked around the internet for few years prior buying these headphones. I owned a pair of Senn's 555 for about 9 years (nice headphones and still going after that long!!), I was expecting an improvement coming from the 555's, and thankfully it was! what a jump, these headphones are just amazing, I would say some of the reviews or opinions based on people's experiences and feelings stating that the 600s are even more enjoyable than the HD700 for most kinds of music now make complete sense.During this years as well I was a little concerned as some people believe the 600s were way too plain or flat for some genres, specifically Rock and sub-genres.Well... now I can say that is not true... I have tested and enjoyed the HD600 with vary of Rock/Prog/Metal, from Morbid Angel, Death, Bathory, Dissection, Mayhem, Behemoth, Emperor, Hypocrisy, Wintersun, Carcass, Stratovarius, Iron Maiden, Queesryche (Best record EVER Operation Mindcrime) Slayer, Pagan Altar, to band as Porcupine Tree, King Crimson, G3, Dream Theater, Pink Floyd, Watchtower, Opeth, Rush, Steven Wilson, Enslaved, Queen, Soul Asylum, Pain Of Salvation, Lethal (What an album Programmed (1990) is!!), and much more... These cans are not only for listening to Classical music and Jazz (I did tried some Miles Davis and Don Elis, as well Masterpieces Of Classical Music, sounds wonder full as well!!).I hope this helps the people that is in the spot I was for a while not been sure if get the HD600 because they were not good for "Rock" some people said...To recap, YES they do sound impressively great with any kind of Metal (even crappy recorded), Rock, Grunge, Progressive, etc...Setup:Emotiva PT-100 preamp as headphone amp.Hi-Diamond HiFi USB cable.Windows 10+JRiver+Wasapi/bitperfect+lots of FLAC 16/24bit 800-3200kbps music!!ReadyNAS 12TB.Sennheiser HD600 with stock cable."
"I bought these a couple years back for 300 when they were on sale so I'll testify to the fact that they still work and sound even more beautiful then the first day I bought them.  The lows are a bit weak (bass) but the mids and highs are excellent though it's nothing to worry about as I"m a basshead so if they're okay for me they're okay for you.  These headphones also have excellent shielding even though my PC doesn't and silences a lot of the crappy ambiance especially after burn in.The stock wires that these came with crapped out on me as they do to everyone so I suggest you buy a spare.  My wires died after two years of service so I bought these ZY Cable Sennheiser HD650 HD600 HD580 HD525 HD565 Headphone Upgrade HIFI Cable 3.5mm Plug ZY-044 and suddenly the bass that wasn't there picked up!  I can actually feel a thump thump thump in my head at the right moments.  Crushing lows that I never heard on my songs before were now apparent that had been severely diminished by the old wires.These headphones are modular so if one component breaks you can easily replace it.  Ear cups dirty?  Pull'em apart and clean them.  Hear a weird buzzing sound?  Probably a hair stuck in the bass that vibrating so once again take apart the ear cups and remove the hair.  Believe it, these things come apart and can be put back together.In short these are the BEST headphones you can buy ONCE you get some nice headphone cables for them.  These headphones will last you so BUILD on them since they're modular and exchange out the parts you feel need to be exchanged.  After you modify them slightly you'll feel disoriented because it'll feel like your favorite singers are in the room with you."
"After vascilating over a couple of different Open circumaural cans I decided to try these. The HD600 has been around a long time and, like the energizer bunny, just can not be bested by the many new ones coming into the field.  Up to this point in my long music listening "career" I have yet to own a set of open cans.  It is evident now why the open design is revered because I now can easily find this elusive soundstage I have heard about.  The imaging these cans have is like lifting a blanket from the music.  The effect is slight but noticable.  As for the sound the mid-range is wonderful.  I have heard things that were hidden before with other cans and discover new music each time I use them.  The so-called Sennheiser veil may indeed exist but I think this description is one that ignores the control the HD600 has over the critical frequencies.  The highs are well extended without being overly bright while the lows are exactly right to my old ears - tight and not boomy (these are not Beats!).  To summarize, lows, mids, and highs are wonderfully matched, none over powers the others.  These are non-fatiguing headphones and easy to listen to and wear from the first minute well into the subsequent hours if you choose to wear for long listening sessions.  I chose these over others in their class because of price ($400) and now I will have to save for another pair of open cans (perhaps LCD 2 or HD800) to capture more of the music in and around my head.  I am so glad I finally went to open phones for my home use and the HD600 was an excellent start.  I see myself coming back to these regardless of any others I may purchase in the future."
"I’ve had these for years and the first time I listened to them was a game changer. Anything less would not cut it. What other product has been around for over 20 years and still ranks so highly?I recently stumbled into a great deal on an expensive amp and decided to swap my cables for some XLR and I’m so happy I made the upgrades. Initially a friend had recommended the Monolith Liquid Spark and that seemed like a reasonable price but once I learned about the Monolith Liquid Platinum I was determined to get that model. They had an open box on their site so I took a chance. What a deal. Do not spend the money without upgrading to XLR. Otherwise the Spark would probably be a good investment. I had been disappointed in another amp at that price point so I wanted to get something with a little more versatility. I love the look of tubes so this seemed to fit my aesthetic. I’m beyond happy with these headphones now that I’ve paired them with an appropriate amp. Another option Massdrop THX AAA 789 if you want balanced inputs and outputs."
"Coming from Sennheiser HD 280 pros.Headphones are phenomenally comfortable: lightweight, don't clamp very hard, great pads, headband, cable management.Sound quality A+.  Great mids, and highs. With an Modi 2 DAC, and Magni 2 amp, the bass punches, but is not overwhelming.  Everything about the sound is quality and each level does not overwhelm the other.  Incredible balance.  I listen to all sorts of music, including electronic, rap, rock, and classical.  These headphones handle it all as well as you can imagine, and will expose items in your favorite songs you had never heard before.  It's almost as though, with these headphones, every song is new.Outside of music, I also game.  Battlefield 1, though already with already excellent atmosphere, sound even better.  It's difficult to translate into words, but it's very impressive.The only down-side to these headphones is they leak sound A LOT.  Absolute tons; about 30% of the volume is leaked.  An open headphone design increases sound quality.  Buying open headphones this is to be expected, so it does not effect my opinion of them.  On the other side of the coin, they also let in all the sound in your environment.  They do not block any sound whatsoever.  These are definitely to be enjoyed in a quiet setting.  They aren't your commuter pair of phones.  Besides, they are too nice to do that to them.If you want a pair of headphones that give you the absolute best music, and video game experience, that compromises almost everything besides comfort for sound quality, these are your choice.  Just be advised that an external amp and DAC are required for getting the most out of your purchase."
"I just got mine about a week ago, and they literally blow me away. They're excellent for a casual listening session, but if you really want to get in tune with your music (get it? it's a pun), then these are incredible. They're very neutral and flat sounding (as the OP mentioned), so they work well for every genre of music, I've listened to everything from Mastodon and Cynic to Cannibal Corpse and Testament to My Morning Jacket to Pat Martino and The Alex Skolnick Trio and they blow me away every time. Sure they don't have the widest soundstage, but it's very accurate, which is very important if you're mixing music (like myself) or if you just like a very clear representation of your tunes. I've heard incredibly subtle, intricate pieces of my music that I've been listening to for years and never noticed with astounding clarity and a very full bodied presentation. I've seen a lot of people complain that they aren't heavy enough in the bass, however, I find them almost perfect in that respect; the bass is very tight and punchy while remaining neutral and clean, whereas a lot of headphones I've listened to overdo it and allow it to distort the rest of the music. The midrange and highs are absolutely to die for, they really bring out the clarity and detail in music without having overly sharp and sibilant highs or harsh mids. Really, these are just all around great headphones. Not to mention the aesthetics are quite pleasing to me, though it did take me a while to get used to the marbled look. The only issue I've had is that the headband was flattened, but I got them used for  $250 and it's not a huge deal as it can be replaced. Highly recommended!"